"id"	"sourceId"	"source"	"title"	"company"	"location"	"description"	"url"	"jobType"	"contentHash"	"fetchedAt"	"createdAt"	"maxSalary"	"minSalary"	"summary"	"salary"	"responsibilities"	"requirements"	"benefits"	"tools"	"logo"
"cmnzekzpd000aa72ekdel66vt"	"XzZbo9X"	"findwork"	"Account Executive, Salesforce"	"Global Career Website"		"About Astound Digital At Astound Digital, we are pioneers in the digital landscape, dedicated to transforming how the world interacts with technology, data, and creativity. Our role as trusted advisors in the digital landscape empowers the world’s most innovative brands with frictionless, end-to-end customer experiences. We are known for our comprehensive solutions, proven expertise, and collaborative, nimble approach that instills confidence in our clients. We embrace the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive innovation, efficiency, and better outcomes for our clients and employees. Join us to navigate and lead in the ever-changing digital world, where your impact will extend beyond the ordinary. Job Purpose: Drive digital transformation. Build client trust. Shape the future of Salesforce-powered commerce. At Astound Digital, we’re looking for a Sales Consultant who’s passionate about helping enterprise clients unlock growth through Salesforce solutions. In this role, you’ll be the face of Astound to our Salesforce ecosystem partners and clients—driving consultative sales conversations, influencing strategic roadmaps, and closing deals that deliver real business impact. This opportunity is ideal for someone with a strong background in selling Salesforce services or solutions, with a proven ability to drive net new business. The right candidate thrives in fast-paced, collaborative environments, builds lasting client relationships, and is passionate about helping organizations achieve digital transformation through Salesforce. In this role, you’ll get to: Drive consultative sales cycles — own the end-to-end process from prospecting and qualification to proposal and close. Sell Astounds full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers. Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals. Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions. Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes. Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value. Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale. Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads. Your skills and qualifications: 3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions). Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud). Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution. Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively. Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders. Self-starter mindset with a passion for digital transformation and innovative technology solutions. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field preferred. Good to Have: Experience working for a Salesforce consulting partner or ISV with exposure to co-selling motions and partner programs. Deep understanding of Salesforce Clouds such as Commerce, Marketing, Data, or Health Cloud. Proven track record of achieving or exceeding multi-million-dollar sales quotas in professional services or SaaS. Familiarity with Salesforce tools like Partner Community, Slack, and Sales Cloud for managing pipeline and collaboration. Prior success building relationships within the Salesforce ecosystem, including Partner Alliances and Account Executives. Experience in solution-based selling, crafting client roadmaps, or scoping digital transformation initiatives. Strong industry knowledge in retail, consumer goods, or health & life sciences to align technology with business impact. What we offer in return Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Сlear career path and a performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring and knowledge sharing; Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans; Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support on every stage and level; Culture of Success: Culture of collaboration that encourages innovation every step of the way; 8 offices spanning four continents bring diverse perspectives that drive tangible results for our clients worldwide. Why work for Astound Digital? Whether you’re working directly with our world-renowned clients or with your Astound colleagues from around the globe, you will shape the future of digital commerce, using emerging technologies and innovative approaches. Grow your career with Astound Digital, and discover exciting opportunities while doing the work you love! #LI-TS1 #L1-REMOTE"	"https://findwork.dev/XzZbo9X/account-executive-salesforce-at-global-career-website"		"b34b0828e39ce850f3fca12b946410a3ae72a1acef931afb2ba9ef9786a37130"	"2026-04-15 02:00:14.015"	"2026-04-15 02:00:14.017"			"Astound Digital is seeking a Sales Consultant to drive digital transformation for enterprise clients through Salesforce solutions."		"{""Drive consultative sales cycles"",""Sell Astound's full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers"",""Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals"",""Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions"",""Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes"",""Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value"",""Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale"",""Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads""}"	"{""3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions)"",""Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud)"",""Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution"",""Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively"",""Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders""}"	"{""Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Clear career path and a performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring and knowledge sharing;"",""Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans;"",""Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support on every stage and level;"",""Culture of Success: Culture of collaboration that encourages innovation every step of the way; 8 offices spanning four continents bring diverse perspectives that drive tangible results for our clients worldwide.""}"	"{Salesforce,net}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/6de34d33d3e85df584b246138354a194d73a8b2c.jpg"
"cmnzet7us008va72egb2tw0qj"	"nYPDjLX"	"findwork"	"Senior Graphic Designer – Amazon Listing"	"Cooking Gift Set Co."		"WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING WITH US No night shifts — work aligned with Asia timezones Work directly with a 10+ year graphic designer founder(real mentorship, not just tasks) $800–$1,000/month, stable income with room to grow as you prove impact Grow with the company— unlock bonuses, stipends, and bigger opportunities Supportive, appreciative culture — your work is seen, valued, and matters Real ownership — this isn’t a task role, you’ll have creative impact JOB DESCRIPTION - THERE ARE TWO PARTS: 1. Design That Converts (Ecommerce Mindset Required) - You understand what customers care about - You analyze the competitive landscape - You decide what needs to be visually communicated to sell - You create image stacks, infographics, A+ content, etc. - You come up with your own concepts, briefs, and variations to test 2. AI Product & Lifestyle Image Creation - Prompting AI tools to generate new product photography - Retouching and refining in Photoshop - Turning rough outputs into high-end, believable product imagery You don’t need to be an expert yet, but you must have: - Strong Photoshop skills - Good creative direction instincts - Basic AI prompting experience (we’ll help you level this up fast) ABOUT THE BRAND Design has always been at the center of everything we do. We’re a female-owned gifting brand focused on creating beautiful, thoughtful product experiences. The founder started as a graphic designer and built this brand from scratch into a thriving 7-figure business. Now, we’re looking for someone to step in, take ownership, and help us scale creatively. Get a sense of our brand at https://www.amazon.com/cookinggiftset . DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU…? Proven graphic design experience for ecommerce? Strong, modern design style (clean, premium, conversion-focused)? Ability to think like a marketer, not just a designer? High ownership — you can take direction and run with it? Ability to turn limited assets into strong visuals? If YES, then please apply! Submit your strongest, most relevant portfolio example. Choose carefully — your selection will determine whether you move forward."	"https://findwork.dev/nYPDjLX/senior-graphic-designer-amazon-listing-at-cooking-gift-set-co"	"full time"	"92f97169874cdb7d3842955c93ac40939f7033af3d45caa8e2af82c8c0db8a2b"	"2026-04-15 02:06:37.827"	"2026-04-15 02:06:37.828"	12000	9600		"$800–$1,000/month"	"{""Design That Converts (Ecommerce Mindset Required)"",""Analyze the competitive landscape"",""Create image stacks, infographics, A+ content, etc."",""Come up with your own concepts, briefs, and variations to test"",""Prompting AI tools to generate new product photography"",""Retouching and refining in Photoshop"",""Turning rough outputs into high-end, believable product imagery""}"	"{""Strong Photoshop skills"",""Good creative direction instincts"",""Basic AI prompting experience (we’ll help you level this up fast)"",""Proven graphic design experience for ecommerce"",""Strong, modern design style (clean, premium, conversion-focused)"",""Ability to think like a marketer, not just a designer"",""High ownership — you can take direction and run with it"",""Ability to turn limited assets into strong visuals""}"	"{""No night shifts — work aligned with Asia timezones"",""$800–$1,000/month, stable income with room to grow as you prove impact"",""Grow with the company— unlock bonuses, stipends, and bigger opportunities"",""Supportive, appreciative culture — your work is seen, valued, and matters"",""Real ownership — this isn’t a task role, you’ll have creative impact""}"	"{Photoshop}"	
"cmnzelach000fa72eh9qyro0x"	"XxqgZln"	"findwork"	"Sales &amp; CRM Business Analyst"	"Otis"		"Date Posted: 2026-03-23 Country: United States of America Location: OTCTH: Connecticut Home Offices Remote Location, Remote City, CT, 06032 USA Would you like to join a truly international, talent driven company that values Safety, Ethics, Quality, Innovation and Employee Opportunity? The Sales & CRM Business Analyst plays a key role on the design team, partnering closely with business stakeholders and solution architects to deliver high‑value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams. While the primary focus is a Service Sales Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, the role also offers exposure to a broader suite of enterprise applications. This position is responsible for translating stakeholder visions into actionable, well‑defined features, documenting detailed design requirements, and effectively transitioning work items to development teams for execution. The Sales & CRM Business Analyst position provides the opportunity to learn the workings of a global business and has engagement with local stakeholders all over the world. The role allows one to grow in both business heavy as well as technical and digital skillsets. This role offers the ability to help evolve both business process and technical solutions across unique business streams. On a typical day you will: Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points in order to understand problem statements and recommend ideal technical solutions and system workarounds Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Lead the documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) in the form of Epics, Features, and User Stories Lead Scrum Team “Refinement” Sessions with Technical Stakeholders to summarize Feature’s Design, determine estimates, and complete preparation activities for upcoming Sprint Cycles Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements being introduced into the solution Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents Prepare System Release Notes to be distributed to End Users for training and change management purposes Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to key stakeholders Participate in team retrospectives and help drive continuous improvement What you will need to be successful: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required 2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations Proven ability to facilitate cross‑functional, multi‑geography workshops (international experience a plus) Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills Ability to balance strategic (“big picture”) thinking with tactical execution Highly organized, analytical, and detail‑oriented Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred Experience with cloud‑based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred Additional Comments: Given the nature of the position, applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S. now and in the future without sponsorship. What we offer: We offer a 401(k) plan with a generous company match and an automatic retirement contribution for your future financial security from day one of your employment, you and your eligible dependents will receive comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Enjoy three weeks of paid vacation, along with paid company holidays We provide paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs to support your well-being. Life insurance and disability coverage to protect you and your family. Voluntary benefits, including options for legal, pet, home, and auto insurance. We offer generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits, as well as adoption assistance, to support growing families. Pursue your educational goals with our tuition reimbursement program. Recognize and be recognized! We celebrate service anniversaries and offer spot performance bonus opportunities to show our appreciation. The salary range for this role is $116,000 - $174,000. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may change in the future. Pay within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. If you live in a city, chances are we will give you a lift or play a role in keeping you moving every day. Otis is the world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, and service company. We move 2.4 billion people every day and maintain approximately 2.4 million customer units worldwide, the industry's largest Service portfolio. You may recognize our products in some of the world’s most famous landmarks including the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building, Burj Khalifa and the Petronas Twin Towers! We are 72,000 people strong, including engineers, digital technology experts, sales, and functional specialists, as well as factory and field technicians, all committed to meeting the diverse needs of our customers and passengers in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. We are proud to be a diverse, global team with a proven legacy of innovation that continues to be the bedrock of a fast-moving, high-performance company. When you join Otis, you become part of an innovative global industry leader with a resilient business model. You’ll belong to a diverse, trusted, and caring community where your contributions, and the skills and capabilities you’ll gain working alongside the best and brightest, keep us connected and on the cutting edge. We provide opportunities, training, and resources, that build leadership and capabilities in Sales, Field, Engineering and Major Projects and our Employee Scholar Program is a notable point of pride, through which Otis sponsors colleagues to pursue degrees or certification programs. Today, our focus more than ever is on people. As a global, people-powered company, we put people – passengers, customers, and colleagues – at the center of everything we do. We are guided by our values that we call our Three Absolutes – prioritizing Safety, Ethics, Quality in all that we do. If you would like to learn more about environmental, social and governance (ESG) at Otis click here . Become a part of the Otis team and help us #Buildwhatsnext! Otis is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other protected class according to applicable law. To request an accommodation in completing an employment application due to a special need or a disability, please contact us at careers@otis.com. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"	"https://findwork.dev/XxqgZln/sales-amp-crm-business-analyst-at-otis"		"3a1464d674b329e2b4b2efbf3cbd6641eb9e8d500d5681e368c6bddcec80f4d0"	"2026-04-15 02:00:27.807"	"2026-04-15 02:00:27.809"	174000	116000	"The Sales & CRM Business Analyst plays a key role on the design team, partnering closely with business stakeholders and solution architects to deliver high-value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams."	"$116,000 - $174,000"	"{""Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points in order to understand problem statements and recommend ideal technical solutions and system workarounds"",""Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Lead the documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) in the form of Epics, Features, and User Stories"",""Lead Scrum Team “Refinement” Sessions with Technical Stakeholders to summarize Feature’s Design, determine estimates, and complete preparation activities for upcoming Sprint Cycles"",""Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements being introduced into the solution"",""Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities"",""Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents"",""Prepare System Release Notes to be distributed to End Users for training and change management purposes"",""Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to key stakeholders"",""Participate in team retrospectives and help drive continuous improvement""}"	"{""Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required"",""2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design"",""Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design"",""Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations"",""Proven ability to facilitate cross-functional, multi-geography workshops (international experience a plus)"",""Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity"",""Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills"",""Ability to balance strategic (“big picture”) thinking with tactical execution"",""Highly organized, analytical, and detail-oriented"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills"",""Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies"",""Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies"",""Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred"",""Experience with cloud-based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations"",""Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred""}"	"{""401(k) plan with a generous company match"",""Automatic retirement contribution for your future financial security from day one of your employment"",""Comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage"",""Three weeks of paid vacation, along with paid company holidays"",""Paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs to support your well-being"",""Life insurance and disability coverage to protect you and your family"",""Voluntary benefits, including options for legal, pet, home, and auto insurance"",""Generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits, as well as adoption assistance, to support growing families"",""Tuition reimbursement program""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module)"",""Azure DevOps (ADO)"",azure}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/264e36b3816b5e904d013dadb15e493d549a7b99.jpg"
"cmnzelgbt000ka72eizd5nwvl"	"MLrYzZn"	"findwork"	"Solutions Engineer, GovCon"	"Unanet"		"As a Solution Engineer, you will play a critical role in driving the growth and success of our GovCon solutions across the Government Contracting market. This role blends deep GovCon domain expertise with strong technical and consultative skills to understand complex contractor needs, translate them into targeted product demonstrations, and partner closely with Sales and Product to present compelling, differentiated solutions for project-driven government contractors. What You’ll Do Lead and participate in the solution engineering process for GovCon opportunities, shaping demonstration strategy and influencing deal direction by aligning customer challenges with Unanet’s product vision, roadmap, and capabilities for government contractors. Develop and customize GovCon demo environments, including database setup and realistic contracting data scenarios (e.g., contract types, indirect rate structures, cost pools, project WBS, compliance reporting) to showcase relevant product functionality and value. Create reusable GovCon demo assets, ensuring scalable, high-quality collateral (flows, scripts, data sets, configuration patterns). Mentor others in building scripts, tools, and databases, and introduce innovative approaches leveraging AI and other technologies to increase demo impact and repeatability. Track and report on key performance indicators for GovCon pursuits, such as demo effectiveness, follow-up requirements, and win/loss analysis, using insights to continuously refine messaging and approach. Serve as a cross-functional partner for the GovCon segment, collaborating with Sales Enablement, Product, Marketing, and Sales Ops to shape and maintain high-impact GovCon-focused enablement assets (battlecards, playbooks, demo blueprints, ROI content). Analyze patterns across GovCon prospects and customers to identify true product gaps versus configuration or best-practice opportunities, helping teams distinguish between roadmap needs and implementation guidance. Stay current on GovCon product capabilities and releases, incorporating new and enhanced features into demonstration scripts and narratives, and proactively recommending improvements based on customer feedback and market trends. Conduct discovery sessions with GovCon prospects to understand their contract portfolios, compliance and audit requirements, project accounting processes, and technical environments, ensuring solution alignment to both business and regulatory needs. Serve as a trusted, strategic advisor to prospective GovCon clients throughout their evaluation, aligning solution capabilities with prospect requirements, evaluation criteria, and desired business outcomes across finance, project management, operations, and compliance. Develop client-specific proposals, business cases, and ROI models that quantify the value of adopting Unanet’s GovCon solutions (e.g., improved cost visibility, margin protection, audit readiness, process efficiency). Act as a resident GovCon subject matter expert, facilitating shared understanding and best practices across Sales, CS, and Product. Represent Solution Engineering and the GovCon customer voice to Product, identify emerging GovCon trends, reporting on competitive and regulatory dynamics, and sharing solution requirements to inform product enhancements and roadmap decisions. Embrace AI- and data-driven excellence. Own AI-enabled demo asset creation and maintenance. Use AI/analytics for continuous improvement of win rates and demo effectiveness. Partner with Product on an AI-informed view of GovCon market and customer trends. Who You Are 3+ years of experience in presales, software consulting, implementation, product, or closely related roles specifically with the Unanet GovCon ERP product or equivalent product. Recognized as a GovCon subject matter expert, capable of solving highly complex problems with significant business impact and minimal guidance. Proven record of improving organizational processes, introducing scalable best practices. Ability to translate GovCon business and compliance requirements into clear solution designs, demos, and proposals that resonate with executive, business, and technical stakeholders. Comfortable experimenting with and standardizing new AI workflows. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. Comfortable with up to 10% travel for key customer meetings, events, and internal collaboration. Differentiators Hands-on experience with, or strong knowledge of, competitive GovCon products (e.g., Costpoint, QuickBooks, JAMIS, Procas, and related GovCon tools). Deep understanding of the Government Contracting market, including cost accounting standards, indirect rate structures, incurred cost submissions, timekeeping and labor compliance, project controls, and audit readiness. Hands-on experience using AI copilots to generate demo narratives, configure or validate demo data, summarize discovery, draft ROI models, and mine customer/prospect data for product insights Our Values We are a Team. Employees, customers, and partners working together. We are Customer-Focused. Customers are the heart of everything we do. We are Driven. Seeking exceptional outcomes. We Own our Success. Every employee has a stake in our company. We do the right thing and have fun in the process. The salary range for this opportunity is $95,000 - 112,500 per year. You will be eligible to earn commissions subject to commission plans and policies that may be in effect from time to time. You will further be eligible for employee equity as well as to participate in Unanet's employee benefits plans and programs. For more details on Unanet's benefits offerings, please visit https://unanet.com/employee-benefits . Unanet is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for positions without regard to race, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. Your Safety Matters: Avoiding Recruiting Scams Your job search should be a rewarding experience. Unfortunately, there are bad actors out there who aim to exploit today’s job seeker. It’s important to protect yourself against fraudulent recruiting practices. These bad actors go to great lengths to collect your personal information. They do so by posting fraudulent jobs, engaging in disingenuous interviews, and even extending fabricated offers. To protect yourself, please note the following about Unanet’s hiring experience: You will never be asked to complete an application through a non-Unanet website. All open opportunities are posted on our official careers page: https://unanet.com/about/careers. You will only receive communication from an email address ending in: @unanet.com. You will never be asked to provide sensitive personal information before you’ve accepted an offer of employment, and you will never be asked to provide payment of any kind."	"https://findwork.dev/MLrYzZn/solutions-engineer-govcon-at-unanet"		"4151373ad478c8abead75e453b724e465af4ff7aafcce5cc012185f84dfa747b"	"2026-04-15 02:00:35.559"	"2026-04-15 02:00:35.561"	112500	95000	"Solution Engineer for GovCon solutions, driving growth and success across the Government Contracting market."	"$95,000 - $112,500 per year"	"{""Lead and participate in solution engineering process for GovCon opportunities"",""Develop and customize GovCon demo environments"",""Create reusable GovCon demo assets"",""Mentor others in building scripts, tools, and databases"",""Track and report on key performance indicators for GovCon pursuits"",""Serve as a cross-functional partner for the GovCon segment"",""Analyze patterns across GovCon prospects and customers"",""Stay current on GovCon product capabilities and releases"",""Conduct discovery sessions with GovCon prospects"",""Develop client-specific proposals, business cases, and ROI models""}"	"{""3+ years of experience in presales, software consulting, implementation, product, or closely related roles specifically with the Unanet GovCon ERP product or equivalent product"",""Recognized as a GovCon subject matter expert"",""Proven record of improving organizational processes, introducing scalable best practices"",""Ability to translate GovCon business and compliance requirements into clear solution designs, demos, and proposals""}"	"{""Eligible to earn commissions subject to commission plans and policies"",""Employee equity"",""Participation in Unanet's employee benefits plans and programs"",""Health insurance"",PTO,""Stock plans"",""Wellness programs""}"	"{""Unanet GovCon ERP product"",""AI copilots"",Costpoint,QuickBooks,JAMIS,Procas}"	
"cmnzetib3009ka72edclrni0j"	"MBjmx7M"	"findwork"	"Customer Operations &amp; Writing Specialist"	"Clerky"		"What Makes Customer Operations Different at Clerky It&rsquo;s a lot harder here. Helping our customers can be unusually challenging due to the nuanced and specialized nature of their questions. Doing the job well can require a lot of iterative feedback, so we're looking for someone who thinks critically about their writing and is always looking for ways to improve. Along the way, you'll also pick up a lot of knowledge about startups and startup law. The challenges never stop. The level of learning and craftsmanship that goes into writing responses to our customers requires intense focus. If you&rsquo;re looking for the kind of position where you can easily master all the information at the beginning and work in a way that does not require intense focus, this position will probably not be a good fit for you. On the other hand, if you love learning and constantly challenging yourself, this position could be a good fit for you. There are often no right answers. We&rsquo;re often not able to provide definitive answers to the questions we receive. In many cases, the best we can do is to equip our customers with the information they need to be able to figure out the right answer on their own, or to understand that it isn&rsquo;t possible to figure out what the right answer is. If you prefer an environment more oriented around providing definitive answers, this position may not be a good fit for you. Minimum Requirements Genuine love for helping people High emotional intelligence Logical / analytical thinker Exceptional written English communication skills, including the ability to write precisely and succinctly Extremely detail-oriented Comfort with working remotely and independently Technologically savvy - you should be confident in your ability to use new software without training Appreciation for giving and receiving feedback often (often several times a day) Natural internal motivation to constantly strive for excellence in everything you do How We Work Clerky has been remote-first for many years, long before COVID. We&rsquo;re very familiar with working remotely, and enjoy it. Our team is small, so everyone's contributions matter. We work efficiently, autonomously, and with great respect for each other. We work openly and collaboratively. We&rsquo;re here to support you in being successful in this role. You'll work closely with other team members to ensure our customers are getting the best possible support and experience. Everyone on our team works hard, and we trust team members to know what will help them be most productive. Schedules are flexible as long as there is adequate team coverage. We want to help you grow, so we have a budget for books, courses, tools, or whatever other educational resources you need to be successful. We offer top-of-market compensation and benefits and the opportunity to learn a lot while helping our customers through an exciting time in their lives. Responsibilities Writing thoughtful and empathetic replies to customer emails using our help desk software, Help Scout Writing and maintaining help center articles, and identifying topics for new articles based on customer inquiries Working with our engineering team to debug software issues our customers encounter Using our software to develop and manage new ways for our customers to complete legal paperwork Assisting product team by testing new features and bug fixes, and conveying customer feedback Spotting trends in customer issues that other team members should be alerted to This is a 100% remote position. You'll be able to work from home (or from anywhere else). We offer top-of-market compensation and benefits, reasonable hours, and reasonable customers. No legal experience or background is necessary or preferred. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/MBjmx7M/customer-operations-amp-writing-specialist-at-clerky"		"e812749e86497cea77d30a0b413838b3634ebdd13de89cce796f43c176af4622"	"2026-04-15 02:06:51.373"	"2026-04-15 02:06:51.375"			"Customer Operations role at Clerky, requiring critical thinking and continuous learning to provide empathetic support to customers through various channels."		"{""Writing thoughtful and empathetic replies to customer emails using our help desk software, Help Scout"",""Writing and maintaining help center articles, and identifying topics for new articles based on customer inquiries"",""Working with our engineering team to debug software issues our customers encounter"",""Using our software to develop and manage new ways for our customers to complete legal paperwork"",""Assisting product team by testing new features and bug fixes, and conveying customer feedback"",""Spotting trends in customer issues that other team members should be alerted to""}"	"{""Genuine love for helping people"",""High emotional intelligence"",""Logical / analytical thinker"",""Exceptional written English communication skills, including the ability to write precisely and succinctly"",""Extremely detail-oriented"",""Comfort with working remotely and independently"",""Technologically savvy - you should be confident in your ability to use new software without training"",""Appreciation for giving and receiving feedback often (often several times a day)"",""Natural internal motivation to constantly strive for excellence in everything you do""}"	"{""Top-of-market compensation"",Benefits,""Flexible schedules with adequate team coverage"",""Budget for books, courses, tools, or other educational resources needed to be successful"",""100% remote position""}"	"{""Help Scout"",""AI tools (for hiring process support)""}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/ebfdd79f8acaf26b367d00238248b3801ce32a8e.jpg"
"cmnzelv47000ta72eb4bjljj5"	"M1pAw5Q"	"findwork"	"Desenvolvedor Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 - Sênior"	"Framework"		"Somos a Framework! Evoluímos grandes marcas em todo o mundo com transformação digital e crescemos continuamente através de agilidade, design e tecnologia. Fazer parte do nosso time é saber que a sua jornada será de desafios reais, de crescimento contínuo e de contato diário com referências em tecnologia. Vem com a gente! *Todas as nossas vagas são abertas para PCDs! Benefícios? É claro que temos! 🍝 Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais 💻 Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais 🚗 Você decide entre vale-transporte ou vale-combustível, no caso de vagas híbridas e presenciais 🏥 Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade ❤️ Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais 💸 Participação nos lucros 💪 Total Pass para se manter saudável 🌎 Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas com cobertura mundial 👶 Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias 👶 Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias 🥦 Desconto em consultas nutricionais 🧠 Desconto em terapia online 🛍️ Clube de benefícios para quem gosta de comprar com descontos 💡 Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT 💵 Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores E não paramos por aí! 🕗 Horário flexível 👕 No dress code 🍎 Nas pausas presenciais, fique à vontade para comer pães, bolos e frutas 💜 Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa. E qual será a sua missão na Framework? Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 , incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript . Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos. Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas. Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro. Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções. Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas. O que é preciso para fazer parte do time? Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 . Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API . Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos. Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software. Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git . Será um diferencial se você: Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas. Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid). Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365. A NOSSA EVOLUÇÃO É CRESCENTE! E, para acompanhar esse crescimento, precisamos de pessoas que agreguem propondo ideias, soluções e desafios! Gostou da oportunidade? Vamos juntos e​ faça parte da nossa história! 💜 #vempraframe"	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAw5Q/desenvolvedor-microsoft-dynamics-crm-11-senior-at-framework"		"66bfd9fe805d27ad656dd83a3206fcfb9fbbb23bbf96671a758a02d1fafee579"	"2026-04-15 02:00:54.725"	"2026-04-15 02:00:54.727"			"Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"		"{""Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11, incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos."",""Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript."",""Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos."",""Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas."",""Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro."",""Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções."",""Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas.""}"	"{""Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",""Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API"",""Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos"",""Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software"",""Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git""}"	"{""Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides"",""Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais"",""Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais"",""Você decide entre vale-transporte ou vale-combustível, no caso de vagas híbridas e presenciais"",""Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade"",""Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais"",""Participação nos lucros"",""Total Pass para se manter saudável"",""Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas com cobertura mundial"",""Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias"",""Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias"",""Desconto em consultas nutricionais"",""Desconto em terapia online"",""Clube de benefícios para quem gosta de comprar com descontos""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",C#,.NET,JavaScript,""Web API"",""Azure DevOps"",Git,""Application Insights"",""Service Bus"",""Event Grid"",azure,net}"	
"cmnzem7np0012a72en6l78fos"	"MrJep1M"	"findwork"	"Mobile Developer"	"C4Media Inc."		"C4Media, Inc. (HQ Toronto, Canada. Private. Established in 2007), is seeking a Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to join our fully remote, global, fun, and friendly team. As a Mobile Developer, you will focus on execution and delivery, building and maintaining mobile features end-to-end—from consuming APIs and managing state to rendering polished, production-ready UI on iOS and Android. The ideal candidate: Is comfortable sitting between frontend and backend concerns Can take a spec and turn it into a complete mobile feature Understands that most bugs live in data flow and edge cases Is pragmatic about architecture and tooling Takes responsibility for the stability of what they ship What You'll Do Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering. Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states. Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android. Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases. Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently. Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control. Job Requirements Professional Experience, Skills & Education: 3–5 years of professional mobile development experience Strong proficiency in React Native Solid TypeScript skills Experience integrating APIs (REST) Experience with mobile state management (Redux) Good understanding of mobile performance considerations Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences Experience shipping apps to production Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work Only candidates who submit their applications in English will be considered for this role (including resume) Setup Requirements: Able to work in a full-time remote position Reside in Europe Able to work as an independent contractor Able to work in overlap with our core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST) Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year, with an average stay of 4–8 days, to attend our software conferences and annual company meetings Why work for C4Media: Work from home - always: We are a remote-first and remote-always team who has been successfully operating on a work-from-home basis since 2007. And we have no intention of changing that. Travel the world: C4Media offers an opportunity to travel 1 - 3 times a year at our expense to NYC, SF, London, and other fun, global locations for conferences & team building. We also got you covered to add a sightseeing day to the end of the trip! Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, support, and well-being. Check out our core values on our careers page. Learn something new: C4Media&rsquo;s culture is one of learning & mastering. Everyone has a training and education budget for professional growth every year and is encouraged to use it. Make friends across the world: Be a part of a leading, fast-growing international company and build a network of international friends and colleagues for life. Support wellbeing: In an effort to make physical activity more readily accessible, we offer staff an annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness. Generous paid time off: In addition to 25 paid days off in the 1st year and 30 paid days off in every subsequent year, we provide 1 paid day off for birthdays (or a similar special day) and 2 paid days for continuing education."	"https://findwork.dev/MrJep1M/mobile-developer-at-c4media-inc"		"676f576a6436d4c2f4cab1498b83318315c5d617dfcbc74256ec15be8dae518c"	"2026-04-15 02:01:10.979"	"2026-04-15 02:01:10.981"			"Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to join our fully remote, global, fun, and friendly team."		"{""Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering."",""Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states."",""Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android."",""Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases."",""Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently."",""Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control.""}"	"{""3–5 years of professional mobile development experience"",""Strong proficiency in React Native"",""Solid TypeScript skills"",""Experience integrating APIs (REST)"",""Experience with mobile state management (Redux)"",""Good understanding of mobile performance considerations"",""Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences"",""Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work""}"	"{""Work from home - always"",""Travel the world: C4Media offers an opportunity to travel 1 - 3 times a year at our expense to NYC, SF, London, and other fun, global locations for conferences & team building."",""Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, support, and well-being."",""Learn something new: C4Media’s culture is one of learning & mastering. Everyone has a training and education budget for professional growth every year and is encouraged to use it."",""Make friends across the world: Be a part of a leading, fast-growing international company and build a network of international friends and colleagues for life."",""Support wellbeing: In an effort to make physical activity more readily accessible, we offer staff an annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness."",""Generous paid time off: In addition to 25 paid days off in the 1st year and 30 paid days off in every subsequent year, we provide 1 paid day off for birthdays (or a similar special day) and 2 paid days for continuing education.""}"	"{""React Native"",TypeScript,""REST APIs"",Redux,react,android,ios}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/17fb995e7a02b4dc4e22b1f355ea6e3cf6ff2c15.jpg"
"cmnzeme7x0017a72eimfckf1n"	"MrJepVM"	"findwork"	"Senior Software Engineer (Product Platform)"	"Veriff"		"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. Our software verifies over 10,000 government-issued documents from more than 190 countries, and this is growing fast! These are millions of verified identities a year and countless people working behind the scenes to help make the lives of millions—and eventually billions—of people safer online. We are a force for good, and we want to be the standard for trust online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will do more than write code—you will help architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact. We are looking for problem solvers like you to ensure this happens. The Platform Area supports cross-domain business needs and processes through a common platform infrastructure. The development and evolution of the Veriff Platform are critical to our success. Our platform allows us to quickly adapt our technology to meet the rapidly evolving identity verification market needs and the strong appetite of our teams and customers to use innovative solutions to identify their customers and keep their communities safe. The Veriff platform is a technical area with lots of business and scalability challenges that are key to Veriff’s continuous success. You’ll help us protect honest people online by: Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications. Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers. Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability. Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design. Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges. You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have: Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards If you're passionate about coding, problem-solving, and contributing to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you! Be part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Elements of Our Tech Stack Backend: Node.js (TypeScript), Python, Golang Frontend: React (TypeScript) Mobile: Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS), Dart (Flutter), TypeScript (React Native) Infrastructure: AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform Data & ML: PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Python-based ML models Why Veriff? We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force. When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include... Flexibility to work from home Stock options that ensure your share in our success Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you! Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see Recruitment Privacy Policy . #LI-FS1#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote"	"https://findwork.dev/MrJepVM/senior-software-engineer-product-platform-at-veriff"		"5ddc57d89a9b42269653c22918e6f94bac44e9bc2155d416ff860153a2b31ccf"	"2026-04-15 02:01:19.483"	"2026-04-15 02:01:19.485"			"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online."		"{""Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications."",""Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers."",""Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability."",""Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design."",""Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges.""}"	"{""Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications"",""Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript"",""Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system"",""A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases"",""A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field"",""The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards""}"	"{""Flexibility to work from home"",""Stock options that ensure your share in our success"",""Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation"",""Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain"",""Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance"",""Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget"",""Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary""}"	"{""Node.js (TypeScript)"",Python,Golang,""React (TypeScript)"",""Kotlin (Android)"",""Swift (iOS)"",""Dart (Flutter)"",""TypeScript (React Native)"",AWS,Kubernetes,Terraform,PostgreSQL,RabbitMQ,""Python-based ML models"",nodejs,kotlin,flutter,node,react,typescript,swift,android,ios}"	
"cmnzeml5e001ca72ebvedomlg"	"npRJLPM"	"findwork"	"Staff Product Marketing Manager - Containers"	"Chainguard"		"The role, in a nutshell: This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. Chainguard is innovative at its core - the products we build are new and different - and articulating our value in a compelling and credible way is essential to our growth. This role requires strong communication and collaboration skills and experience deeply understanding cloud-native software infrastructure products. What you’ll do: Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth. Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges. Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value. Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed. Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers. Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events. Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy. What we're looking for: 5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products. Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively. Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles. Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution. Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner. About Us Chainguard is the secure foundation for software development and deployment. By providing guarded open source software, built from source and updated continuously, Chainguard helps organizations eliminate threats in their software supply chains. Founded by the industry's leading experts on open source software, security and cloud native development, Chainguard has built the largest library of open source software that is secure by default. Chainguard’s mission is to be the safe source for open source. We live and breathe our company values: We are customer obsessed - We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better. We have a bias for intentional action - We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast. We don’t take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) - We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey. We trust each other and assume good intentions - We’re transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions. A few of the benefits we offer: Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs. Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!). 100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck. ∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset. 18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year. If your experience is close but doesn’t fulfill all requirements, please apply. We’re building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring “Chainguardians'' with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with Chainguard’s Privacy Policy . ©2025 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved."	"https://findwork.dev/npRJLPM/staff-product-marketing-manager-containers-at-chainguard"		"57470da1ccd87330f96dcf88008054eed667eb2643ccf343ae7e0df497b7e5b4"	"2026-04-15 02:01:28.464"	"2026-04-15 02:01:28.466"			"Staff Product Marketing Manager to lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers."		"{""Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers"",""Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges"",""Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value"",""Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams"",""Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers"",""Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events"",""Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy""}"	"{""5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology"",""Familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products"",""Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively"",""Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles"",""Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution"",""Excellent communication skills""}"	"{""Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs"",""Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options"",""100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents"",""Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset"",""18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents""}"	"{containers}"	
"cmnzetxo4009ya72eahzbsbmz"	"XoAReGQ"	"findwork"	"Head of Experience Design"	"Jimdo"		"About Jimdo We exist to unleash the power of the self-employed - helping solopreneurs and micro-businesses thrive by doing what they're passionate about and removing the complexity of building lasting, successful businesses. Jimdo started in 2007 when three school friends built a website builder in a Northern German farmhouse to help everyone build a presence online. Today, we're a profitable, remote-first company with 220+ people from 50+ nationalities working across 15+ countries. We've helped build over 36 million websites to get online across the world. We're more than just a website builder. We're an AI-powered platform that helps self-employed people actually run and build successful businesses — from getting found online, winning customers and running their business with a peace of mind by knowing exactly what to do next to move forward. At the heart of Jimdo is a strong belief in personalized, data-driven guidance. Our platform combines design, business tools, and an AI-powered core that turns real customer data into clear insights and next steps helping our customers focus on what moves their business forward. Role Overview : This role exists to build on the strong design foundation already in place at Jimdo and help evolve it further as the company scales, changes focus to a multiproduct platform, and our AI capabilities mature. As Head of Design, you will lead and develop our Product Design function, with a focus on simplicity, usability, and customer outcomes for solopreneurs and micro-businesses. You will ensure design is deeply embedded in how we understand customer problems, shape product strategy, and deliver coherent experiences across the customer lifecycle working closely with our VP of Product & Design on building out this vision. A defining aspect of the role is advancing how AI is used within design, not to replace craft or judgment, but to remove low-value iteration, increase leverage, and allow designers to focus on higher-impact work leading to customer success. Your impact: Set clear design direction that raises the quality, clarity, and consistency of product experiences, grounded in the needs of solopreneurs and micro-businesses. Ensure design is a strong partner in problem definition, shaping product strategy—not just executing solutions. Lead the evolution of AI-enabled design practices to increase speed, reduce low-value iteration, and improve outcomes without compromising craft. Own and evolve the design system in close partnership with Product and Engineering, balancing consistency, scalability, and innovation. Take a holistic view of the end-to-end customer experience across product touchpoints and the broader lifecycle. Partner closely with Marketing and Brand to ensure alignment across product experience, content, narrative, and visual language. Lead, coach, and grow a senior Product Design team, fostering a culture of quality, curiosity, and continuous improvement. Work cross-functionally with Product and Engineering leadership to support effective discovery, prioritisation, and execution. What you bring: Senior leadership experience building and scaling high-performing product design teams. A strong point of view on simplicity, usability, and user-centered design. Demonstrated ability to evolve design systems and experience quality at scale across the full customer journey. Practical experience integrating AI into design workflows to improve speed and outcomes. Deep empathy for small businesses, solopreneurs, or similarly constrained customer segments. Comfort operating across product, brand, content, and lifecycle design. Strong collaboration skills and a systems-thinking mindset. High standards, clear taste, and the ability to raise the bar without creating friction. Experience in optimising for conversion while not detracting from usability. What we offer: Inspiring Mission: At our core, we are driven by a meaningful mission - to empower solopreneurs and small businesses to succeed and to contribute to the sustainability and vibrancy of the communities they serve. Flexibility and Trust: Our work environment thrives on flexibility and trust. We offer fully remote work set-up with opportunities for in-person collaboration. You can manage your working hours flexibly because we prioritize the results you deliver over the number of hours you put in. An International Diverse Team: Our team is a mosaic of over 248 individuals hailing from 50+ different countries and working across 15+ diverse locations. We take pride in our openness and inclusivity, with an Employee-led DEI Council and active ERGs that ensure everyone's voices are heard. Continuous Growth and Career Development: We invest in your growth with company-wide access to LinkedIn Learning and Coaching. From day one, you have the chance to contribute your ideas and create a meaningful impact. Our flat hierarchies and swift decision-making processes provide an open platform for your career progression. Competitive Benefits Package: Annual compensation reviews to ensure you're rewarded fairly. A remote office set-up bonus to enhance your workspace. A unique workation policy that allows you to work from different locations. An employee assistance program, offering resources and counseling. Plus, a perk that keeps giving: up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever. Jimdo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don’t discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. Our diverse team values and celebrates the uniqueness of each individual. We embrace differences and believe that they enrich our organization, making us stronger and more innovative. Join us, and let's continue to create a workplace where everyone can thrive, regardless of background or identity. By sending your application, you declare that you read and understand the Jimdo Applicant Privacy Policy"	"https://findwork.dev/XoAReGQ/head-of-experience-design-at-jimdo"		"1e11aba2ee3b209f3a338b80bebd713d19ecef243e8dbbbc64d427f4f533247e"	"2026-04-15 02:07:11.283"	"2026-04-15 02:07:11.284"			"We are seeking a Head of Design to lead our Product Design function, evolve AI-enabled design practices, and ensure design is deeply embedded in how we understand customer problems and shape product strategy."		"{""Set clear design direction that raises the quality, clarity, and consistency of product experiences"",""Ensure design is a strong partner in problem definition, shaping product strategy—not just executing solutions"",""Lead the evolution of AI-enabled design practices to increase speed, reduce low-value iteration, and improve outcomes without compromising craft"",""Own and evolve the design system in close partnership with Product and Engineering, balancing consistency, scalability, and innovation"",""Take a holistic view of the end-to-end customer experience across product touchpoints and the broader lifecycle""}"	"{""Senior leadership experience building and scaling high-performing product design teams"",""A strong point of view on simplicity, usability, and user-centered design"",""Demonstrated ability to evolve design systems and experience quality at scale across the full customer journey"",""Practical experience integrating AI into design workflows to improve speed and outcomes"",""Deep empathy for small businesses, solopreneurs, or similarly constrained customer segments""}"	"{""Inspiring Mission: At our core, we are driven by a meaningful mission - to empower solopreneurs and small businesses to succeed and to contribute to the sustainability and vibrancy of the communities they serve"",""Flexibility and Trust: Our work environment thrives on flexibility and trust. We offer fully remote work set-up with opportunities for in-person collaboration."",""Annual compensation reviews to ensure you're rewarded fairly"",""A remote office set-up bonus to enhance your workspace"",""A unique workation policy that allows you to work from different locations"",""An employee assistance program, offering resources and counseling"",""Up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects""}"	"{""AI-powered platform"",""Jimdo website builder"",embedded,swift}"	