"id"	"sourceId"	"source"	"title"	"company"	"location"	"description"	"url"	"jobType"	"contentHash"	"fetchedAt"	"createdAt"	"maxSalary"	"minSalary"	"summary"	"salary"	"responsibilities"	"requirements"	"benefits"	"tools"	"logo"
"cmnzj2wjy0000dg2eeu4jkdyt"	"QGpJWvM"	"findwork"	"Upmarket Partner Specialist L3"	"HubSpot"		"Upmarket Partner Specialist US - Remote As a Upmarket Partner Specialist, you will be responsible for identifying, sourcing, and closing good fit partners. Using strong consultative selling skills, you will balance contacting warm inbound leads as well as sourcing for your own pipeline. In this role you are responsible for selling the value of HubSpot's software, the Inbound methodology, and the Partner Program. During the sales process, you will guide prospective partners as they learn how HubSpot can help them improve their client acquisition rates, client retention rates and overall business profitability. In this role, you’ll get to: Build and manage a high quality pipeline of prospective partners through inbound and outbound strategies. Dissect a partner's business goals and help them develop a better plan for achieving them and enabling them to be consistent, high-impact resellers Become an expert at articulating how HubSpot’s software enables partners to expand their service offerings, increase revenue per client, and build a scalable go-to-market motion through the partnership. Close new business at or above quota level by identifying partners who are willing to source leads, invest both time and money in leveraging our software and training, and close new business opportunities for HubSpot. Work with marketing and technology departments to execute sales strategy as the company introduces enhancements to existing solutions and/or releases new products. Bring your thinking, strategies, and ideas to advance our company’s values, unique culture, and vision for the future. Remain actively engaged post-recruitment to nurture and develop partners, driving multiple reselling opportunities within the first 12 months of the partnership. We are looking for people who: 2-3 years of direct sales experience in a quota-driven role Have the desire and commitment to do what it takes to be successful in sales Have a positive outlook and a strong ability to take responsibility for their successes and failures Have exceptional consultative selling skills and closing skills Consistently recognized as a top performer in their current role Have a sharp focus on their goals and a belief that their daily, weekly and monthly activities will help achieve them Approaches challenges with a customer-first mindset and embraces continuous growth and improvement Pay & Benefits The cash compensation below includes base salary, on-target commission for employees in eligible roles, and annual bonus targets under HubSpot’s bonus plan for eligible roles. In addition to cash compensation, some roles are eligible to participate in HubSpot’s equity plan to receive restricted stock units (RSUs). Some roles may also be eligible for overtime pay. Individual compensation packages are tailored to your skills, experience, qualifications, and other job-related reasons. This resource will help guide how we recommend thinking about the range you see. Learn more about HubSpot’s compensation philosophy . Benefits are also an important piece of your total compensation package. Explore the benefits and perks HubSpot offers to help employees grow better. At HubSpot, fair compensation practices aren’t just about checking off the box for legal compliance. It’s about living out our value of transparency with our employees, candidates, and community. Annual Cash Compensation Range: $120,000 - $150,000 USD We know the confidence gap and impostor syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you. If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form . At HubSpot, we value both flexibility and connection. Whether you’re a Remote employee or work from the Office, we want you to start your journey here by building strong connections with your team and peers. If you are joining our Engineering team, you will be required to attend a regional HubSpot office for in-person onboarding. If you join our broader Product team, you’ll also attend other in-person events, such as your Product Group Summit and other gatherings, to continue building on those connections. If you require an accommodation due to travel limitations or other reasons, please inform your recruiter during the hiring process. We are committed to supporting candidates who may need alternative arrangements Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. Germany Applicants: (m/f/d) - link to HubSpot's Career Diversity page here . India Applicants: link to HubSpot India's equal opportunity policy here . About HubSpot HubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is an AI-powered customer platform with all the software, integrations, and resources customers need to connect marketing, sales, and service. HubSpot's connected platform enables businesses to grow faster by focusing on what matters most: customers. At HubSpot, bold is our baseline. Our employees around the globe move fast, stay customer-obsessed, and win together. Our culture is grounded in four commitments: Solve for the Customer, Be Bold, Learn Fast, Align, Adapt & Go!, and Deliver with HEART. These commitments shape how we work, lead, and grow. We’re building a company where people can do their best work . We focus on brilliant work, not badge swipes. By combining clarity, ownership, and trust, we create space for big thinking and meaningful progress. And we know that when our employees grow, our customers do too. Recognized globally for our award-winning culture by Comparably, Glassdoor, Fortune, and more, HubSpot is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with employees and offices around the world. Explore more: HubSpot Careers Life at HubSpot on Instagram HubSpot may use AI to help screen or assess candidates, but all hiring decisions are always human. More information can be found here . By submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. We may use CLEAR ID Verification during the hiring process to confirm your identity and help maintain a safe, secure, and trusted experience for all candidates. Refer to HubSpot's Recruiting Privacy Notice for details on data processing and your rights."	"https://findwork.dev/QGpJWvM/upmarket-partner-specialist-l3-at-hubspot"		"9fc4554dafeb1b97bb92cbd5e44562cd5e3500b825c7cb71b08cc47dbefae227"	"2026-04-15 04:06:08.196"	"2026-04-15 04:06:08.206"	150000	120000	"The Upmarket Partner Specialist will identify, source, and close partners by selling HubSpot's software and Inbound methodology. Responsibilities include building pipelines, guiding partners, and ensuring they meet business goals through HubSpot's solutions."	"$120,000 - $150,000 USD"	"{""Build and manage a high-quality pipeline of prospective partners through inbound and outbound strategies."",""Dissect a partner's business goals and help them develop a better plan for achieving them."",""Become an expert at articulating how HubSpot’s software enables partners to expand service offerings and increase revenue."",""Close new business at or above quota level by identifying partners willing to invest in HubSpot's solutions."",""Work with marketing and technology departments to execute sales strategy for new product releases."",""Bring strategies and ideas to advance company values and culture."",""Remain actively engaged post-recruitment to nurture and develop partners for multiple reselling opportunities.""}"	"{""2-3 years of direct sales experience in a quota-driven role."",""Desire and commitment to succeed in sales."",""Positive outlook and accountability for successes/failures."",""Exceptional consultative selling and closing skills."",""Consistently recognized as a top performer in current role."",""Sharp focus on goals and daily/weekly/monthly activity planning."",""Customer-first mindset and commitment to continuous growth.""}"	"{}"	"{hubspot}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/c0845dd710b825a7c81491ff565fd6b514fd15df.jpg"
"cmnzj3ekc0005dg2ezov354w7"	"XzZbo9X"	"findwork"	"Account Executive, Salesforce"	"Global Career Website"		"About Astound Digital At Astound Digital, we are pioneers in the digital landscape, dedicated to transforming how the world interacts with technology, data, and creativity. Our role as trusted advisors in the digital landscape empowers the world’s most innovative brands with frictionless, end-to-end customer experiences. We are known for our comprehensive solutions, proven expertise, and collaborative, nimble approach that instills confidence in our clients. We embrace the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive innovation, efficiency, and better outcomes for our clients and employees. Join us to navigate and lead in the ever-changing digital world, where your impact will extend beyond the ordinary. Job Purpose: Drive digital transformation. Build client trust. Shape the future of Salesforce-powered commerce. At Astound Digital, we’re looking for a Sales Consultant who’s passionate about helping enterprise clients unlock growth through Salesforce solutions. In this role, you’ll be the face of Astound to our Salesforce ecosystem partners and clients—driving consultative sales conversations, influencing strategic roadmaps, and closing deals that deliver real business impact. This opportunity is ideal for someone with a strong background in selling Salesforce services or solutions, with a proven ability to drive net new business. The right candidate thrives in fast-paced, collaborative environments, builds lasting client relationships, and is passionate about helping organizations achieve digital transformation through Salesforce. In this role, you’ll get to: Drive consultative sales cycles — own the end-to-end process from prospecting and qualification to proposal and close. Sell Astounds full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers. Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals. Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions. Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes. Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value. Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale. Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads. Your skills and qualifications: 3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions). Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud). Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution. Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively. Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders. Self-starter mindset with a passion for digital transformation and innovative technology solutions. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field preferred. Good to Have: Experience working for a Salesforce consulting partner or ISV with exposure to co-selling motions and partner programs. Deep understanding of Salesforce Clouds such as Commerce, Marketing, Data, or Health Cloud. Proven track record of achieving or exceeding multi-million-dollar sales quotas in professional services or SaaS. Familiarity with Salesforce tools like Partner Community, Slack, and Sales Cloud for managing pipeline and collaboration. Prior success building relationships within the Salesforce ecosystem, including Partner Alliances and Account Executives. Experience in solution-based selling, crafting client roadmaps, or scoping digital transformation initiatives. Strong industry knowledge in retail, consumer goods, or health & life sciences to align technology with business impact. What we offer in return Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Сlear career path and a performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring and knowledge sharing; Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans; Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support on every stage and level; Culture of Success: Culture of collaboration that encourages innovation every step of the way; 8 offices spanning four continents bring diverse perspectives that drive tangible results for our clients worldwide. Why work for Astound Digital? Whether you’re working directly with our world-renowned clients or with your Astound colleagues from around the globe, you will shape the future of digital commerce, using emerging technologies and innovative approaches. Grow your career with Astound Digital, and discover exciting opportunities while doing the work you love! #LI-TS1 #L1-REMOTE"	"https://findwork.dev/XzZbo9X/account-executive-salesforce-at-global-career-website"		"b34b0828e39ce850f3fca12b946410a3ae72a1acef931afb2ba9ef9786a37130"	"2026-04-15 04:06:31.543"	"2026-04-15 04:06:31.548"			"Astound Digital seeks a Sales Consultant to drive digital transformation through Salesforce solutions. The role involves consultative sales, partnership with Salesforce teams, and delivering tailored strategies for enterprise clients. The ideal candidate will build client trust and shape the future of Salesforce-powered commerce."		"{""Drive consultative sales cycles from prospecting to close"",""Sell Astound's full suite of Salesforce services (advisory, implementation, managed services)"",""Partner with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists for co-selling"",""Lead discovery sessions to uncover client challenges and define business goals"",""Build executive relationships with client stakeholders as a trusted advisor"",""Identify growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals"",""Collaborate with delivery and marketing teams to scope engagements and ensure client success"",""Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to generate leads""}"	"{""3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (services, implementations, or platform solutions)"",""Proven success in enterprise-level Salesforce ecosystem sales (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud)"",""Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles"",""Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network"",""Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite/VP stakeholders"",""Self-starter mindset with passion for digital transformation and technology solutions"",""Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or related field preferred"",""Experience with Salesforce consulting partners/ISVs and co-selling motions"",""Deep understanding of Salesforce Clouds (Commerce, Marketing, Data, Health Cloud)"",""Track record of achieving multi-million-dollar sales quotas in professional services/SaaS"",""Familiarity with Salesforce tools (Partner Community, Slack, Sales Cloud)"",""Experience building relationships with Salesforce Partner Alliances and Account Executives"",""Solution-based selling experience for digital transformation initiatives"",""Industry knowledge in retail, consumer goods, or health & life sciences""}"	"{""Career growth opportunities with coaching, training, certifications, and mentoring"",""Parental leave and comprehensive health/medical plans"",""Remote, in-office, or hybrid work options with flexible hours"",""Collaborative culture with global teams across 8 offices""}"	"{""Salesforce Marketing Cloud"",""Salesforce Commerce Cloud"",""Salesforce Data Cloud"",""Salesforce Health Cloud"",""Salesforce Partner Community"",""Salesforce Slack"",""Salesforce Sales Cloud"",salesforce,net}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/6de34d33d3e85df584b246138354a194d73a8b2c.jpg"
"cmnzj44bf000adg2eq5yhnq10"	"MdVL4Jn"	"findwork"	"Director, CRM and Lifecycle Marketing"	"Beachbody"		"BODi is on a mission to build the Health Esteem Category! Having just launched a new brand (from Beachbody to BODi), a new platform, and a new app where fitness and nutrition is supported by positive mindset content, BODi breaks from the fitness and diet industry and ushers in the era of Health Esteem. Health Esteem specifically rejects the legacy fitness and diet industry playbook of pursuing a healthy lifestyle based on self-criticism – a playbook Beachbody used to abide by. But after observing the uptick in mental health challenges since the pandemic and seeing that 74% of Americans remain overweight or obese today, despite the efforts of the fitness industry, BODi had to make a change. The Director of CRM & Lifecycle Marketing drives the strategy and performance of BODi’s lifecycle ecosystem across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels, with accountability for activation, retention, customer lifetime value, and recurring revenue growth. This role leads the development of programs that help new members quickly build momentum on the platform, strengthen ongoing engagement with workouts and supplements, and increase multi-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Reporting to the VP of CRM, the Director designs lifecycle strategies that reinforce habit formation, encourage consistent product usage, and reduce churn through well-timed, behavior-driven engagement and monetization programs. Working closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics, this role uses customer behavior and performance insights to continuously improve onboarding, increase repeat purchase, and strengthen long-term subscription retention. Team Leadership & Operations Lead and develop the CRM and lifecycle marketing team, setting strategy and guiding execution across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels. Own lifecycle campaign planning and the cross-channel messaging calendar to support acquisition, onboarding, engagement, and retention. Oversee CRM platform architecture and operations, including segmentation frameworks, taxonomy, automation logic, and system organization. Own the relationship with CRM technology platforms (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and ensure tools are optimized for scale, personalization, and automation. Partner closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics teams to align lifecycle programs with broader customer growth and revenue objectives. Lifecycle Strategy & Execution Define and execute lifecycle strategy that increases activation, engagement, retention, and cross-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Optimize onboarding journeys to accelerate time to first workout and drive early habit formation. Develop lifecycle programs that connect supplements, fitness programs, and membership benefits to increase multi-product adoption and customer lifetime value. Build engagement loops using milestones, streaks, and rewards that reinforce consistent product usage and long-term platform engagement. Design behavioral messaging triggered by inactivity, milestones, and product usage signals to reduce churn and drive re-engagement. Implement dynamic and personalized messaging based on workout behavior, purchase history, and customer goals. ​ Monetization & Customer Value Own lifecycle-driven revenue across subscriptions, supplements, and cross-category adoption. Increase LTV by driving repeat purchase, subscription retention, and multi-product engagement. Develop targeted upsell, cross-sell, and bundle strategies across lifecycle touchpoints. Partner with e-commerce and merchandising teams to activate lifecycle programs that support launches, promotions, and key revenue moments. ​ Analytics & Optimization Establish lifecycle performance frameworks and dashboards to track engagement, retention, revenue contribution, and customer value. Own forecasting and revenue impact modeling for lifecycle programs and ensure initiatives deliver against growth targets. Lead a structured experimentation roadmap across onboarding, engagement, retention, and upsell journeys. Partner with data science and analytics teams to implement predictive churn modeling and advanced lifecycle segmentation strategies. ​ Requirements: 8–12+ years in CRM, lifecycle marketing, retention, or customer marketing, including leadership experience owning multi-channel lifecycle programs. Shopify experience required, with a strong understanding of how promotions, merchandising, subscription mechanics, and onsite behavior connect to lifecycle performance. Proven track record driving lifecycle monetization, including repeat purchase, subscription retention, LTV growth, and cross-sell/upsell performance. Hands-on ownership of a CRM platform (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Klaviyo), including segmentation strategy, automation architecture, and deliverability/channel health. Experience owning lifecycle strategy across email + SMS (required) and ideally push/in-app, including triggered journeys, onboarding, win-back, and post-purchase programs. Strong analytical ability and comfort with performance measurement: cohort retention, repeat rate, churn, AOV, revenue per user, incrementality testing, and forecasting lifecycle revenue impact. Experience building and managing a testing roadmap (journey optimization, creative/messaging, cadence, offers, personalization) with disciplined learning loops. Ability to translate customer behavior into personalization strategies (dynamic content, behavioral segmentation, lifecycle moments) without overcomplicating the system. Experience leading and developing teams (4–7 direct reports preferred) and operating cross-functionally with Product, E-commerce/Merchandising, Analytics, and Creative. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; MBA a plus. Beachbody, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, religion, creed, age, physical or mental disability, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. We want you to feel safe to be the Whole You – your authentic self – without concern of discrimination, retaliation, or bias. We are committed to fighting for equality, growing our diversity, and holding ourselves accountable for inclusion. Just as our employees, coaches, and partners commit to wellness and helping others, we are committed to creating a culture and community of holistic acceptance and belonging. To all recruitment agencies: Beachbody does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Beachbody employees, or any other company location. Beachbody is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. The applicable base salary range for each role varies based on several factors, including, but not limited to geographic location and job-related education, training, knowledge, and experience. This range may be modified in the future. The pay range for this position is: $137,100.00 - $175,000.00 In addition to your base pay, The Beachbody Company offers a top-notch total rewards package, including a comprehensive benefits suite, an annual bonus opportunity, an employee stock purchase plan, a 401k plan with company match, 12-week Maternity/Paternity Leave paid at 100%, employee perks & discounts, training & career development, and generous PTO. All benefits are subject to eligibility requirements and may vary depending on location and job level. Further information about benefits can be found here Click Link Here . The estimated deadline for accepting applications: 05/04/2026 Applicants should apply at Beachbody’s internal and external career sites."	"https://findwork.dev/MdVL4Jn/director-crm-and-lifecycle-marketing-at-beachbody"		"194c88e0d87c895968e5976ba866e367f2a58f0b78a5b2e511a8c2093d236efc"	"2026-04-15 04:07:04.92"	"2026-04-15 04:07:04.923"	175000	137100	"The Director of CRM & Lifecycle Marketing at BODi is responsible for driving the strategy and performance of lifecycle programs across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels. This role focuses on activation, retention, and recurring revenue growth by developing programs that support new member onboarding, engagement with workouts and supplements, and multi-product adoption."	"$137,100.00 - $175,000.00"	"{""Lead and develop the CRM and lifecycle marketing team, setting strategy and guiding execution across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels."",""Own lifecycle campaign planning and the cross-channel messaging calendar to support acquisition, onboarding, engagement, and retention."",""Oversee CRM platform architecture and operations, including segmentation frameworks, taxonomy, automation logic, and system organization."",""Own the relationship with CRM technology platforms (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and ensure tools are optimized for scale, personalization, and automation."",""Partner closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics teams to align lifecycle programs with broader customer growth and revenue objectives."",""Define and execute lifecycle strategy that increases activation, engagement, retention, and cross-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem."",""Optimize onboarding journeys to accelerate time to first workout and drive early habit formation."",""Develop lifecycle programs that connect supplements, fitness programs, and membership benefits to increase multi-product adoption and customer lifetime value."",""Build engagement loops using milestones, streaks, and rewards that reinforce consistent product usage and long-term platform engagement."",""Design behavioral messaging triggered by inactivity, milestones, and product usage signals to reduce churn and drive re-engagement."",""Implement dynamic and personalized messaging based on workout behavior, purchase history, and customer goals."",""Own lifecycle-driven revenue across subscriptions, supplements, and cross-category adoption."",""Increase LTV by driving repeat purchase, subscription retention, and multi-product engagement."",""Develop targeted upsell, cross-sell, and bundle strategies across lifecycle touchpoints."",""Partner with e-commerce and merchandising teams to activate lifecycle programs that support launches, promotions, and key revenue moments."",""Establish lifecycle performance frameworks and dashboards to track engagement, retention, revenue contribution, and customer value."",""Own forecasting and revenue impact modeling for lifecycle programs and ensure initiatives deliver against growth targets."",""Lead a structured experimentation roadmap across onboarding, engagement, retention, and upsell journeys."",""Partner with data science and analytics teams to implement predictive churn modeling and advanced lifecycle segmentation strategies.""}"	"{""8–12+ years in CRM, lifecycle marketing, retention, or customer marketing, including leadership experience owning multi-channel lifecycle programs."",""Shopify experience required, with a strong understanding of how promotions, merchandising, subscription mechanics, and onsite behavior connect to lifecycle performance."",""Proven track record driving lifecycle monetization, including repeat purchase, subscription retention, LTV growth, and cross-sell/upsell performance."",""Hands-on ownership of a CRM platform (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Klaviyo), including segmentation strategy, automation architecture, and deliverability/channel health."",""Experience owning lifecycle strategy across email + SMS (required) and ideally push/in-app, including triggered journeys, onboarding, win-back, and post-purchase programs."",""Strong analytical ability and comfort with performance measurement: cohort retention, repeat rate, churn, AOV, revenue per user, incrementality testing, and forecasting lifecycle revenue impact."",""Experience building and managing a testing roadmap (journey optimization, creative/messaging, cadence, offers, personalization) with disciplined learning loops."",""Ability to translate customer behavior into personalization strategies (dynamic content, behavioral segmentation, lifecycle moments) without overcomplicating the system."",""Experience leading and developing teams (4–7 direct reports preferred) and operating cross-functionally with Product, E-commerce/Merchandising, Analytics, and Creative."",""Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; MBA a plus.""}"	"{""Annual bonus opportunity"",""Employee stock purchase plan"",""401k plan with company match"",""12-week Maternity/Paternity Leave paid at 100%"",""Employee perks & discounts"",""Training & career development"",""Generous PTO""}"	"{Braze,Iterable,""Salesforce Marketing Cloud"",Klaviyo,Shopify,salesforce}"	
"cmnzj50pg000fdg2edo3c7e03"	"MLrYzZn"	"findwork"	"Solutions Engineer, GovCon"	"Unanet"		"As a Solution Engineer, you will play a critical role in driving the growth and success of our GovCon solutions across the Government Contracting market. This role blends deep GovCon domain expertise with strong technical and consultative skills to understand complex contractor needs, translate them into targeted product demonstrations, and partner closely with Sales and Product to present compelling, differentiated solutions for project-driven government contractors. What You’ll Do Lead and participate in the solution engineering process for GovCon opportunities, shaping demonstration strategy and influencing deal direction by aligning customer challenges with Unanet’s product vision, roadmap, and capabilities for government contractors. Develop and customize GovCon demo environments, including database setup and realistic contracting data scenarios (e.g., contract types, indirect rate structures, cost pools, project WBS, compliance reporting) to showcase relevant product functionality and value. Create reusable GovCon demo assets, ensuring scalable, high-quality collateral (flows, scripts, data sets, configuration patterns). Mentor others in building scripts, tools, and databases, and introduce innovative approaches leveraging AI and other technologies to increase demo impact and repeatability. Track and report on key performance indicators for GovCon pursuits, such as demo effectiveness, follow-up requirements, and win/loss analysis, using insights to continuously refine messaging and approach. Serve as a cross-functional partner for the GovCon segment, collaborating with Sales Enablement, Product, Marketing, and Sales Ops to shape and maintain high-impact GovCon-focused enablement assets (battlecards, playbooks, demo blueprints, ROI content). Analyze patterns across GovCon prospects and customers to identify true product gaps versus configuration or best-practice opportunities, helping teams distinguish between roadmap needs and implementation guidance. Stay current on GovCon product capabilities and releases, incorporating new and enhanced features into demonstration scripts and narratives, and proactively recommending improvements based on customer feedback and market trends. Conduct discovery sessions with GovCon prospects to understand their contract portfolios, compliance and audit requirements, project accounting processes, and technical environments, ensuring solution alignment to both business and regulatory needs. Serve as a trusted, strategic advisor to prospective GovCon clients throughout their evaluation, aligning solution capabilities with prospect requirements, evaluation criteria, and desired business outcomes across finance, project management, operations, and compliance. Develop client-specific proposals, business cases, and ROI models that quantify the value of adopting Unanet’s GovCon solutions (e.g., improved cost visibility, margin protection, audit readiness, process efficiency). Act as a resident GovCon subject matter expert, facilitating shared understanding and best practices across Sales, CS, and Product. Represent Solution Engineering and the GovCon customer voice to Product, identify emerging GovCon trends, reporting on competitive and regulatory dynamics, and sharing solution requirements to inform product enhancements and roadmap decisions. Embrace AI- and data-driven excellence. Own AI-enabled demo asset creation and maintenance. Use AI/analytics for continuous improvement of win rates and demo effectiveness. Partner with Product on an AI-informed view of GovCon market and customer trends. Who You Are 3+ years of experience in presales, software consulting, implementation, product, or closely related roles specifically with the Unanet GovCon ERP product or equivalent product. Recognized as a GovCon subject matter expert, capable of solving highly complex problems with significant business impact and minimal guidance. Proven record of improving organizational processes, introducing scalable best practices. Ability to translate GovCon business and compliance requirements into clear solution designs, demos, and proposals that resonate with executive, business, and technical stakeholders. Comfortable experimenting with and standardizing new AI workflows. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience. Comfortable with up to 10% travel for key customer meetings, events, and internal collaboration. Differentiators Hands-on experience with, or strong knowledge of, competitive GovCon products (e.g., Costpoint, QuickBooks, JAMIS, Procas, and related GovCon tools). Deep understanding of the Government Contracting market, including cost accounting standards, indirect rate structures, incurred cost submissions, timekeeping and labor compliance, project controls, and audit readiness. Hands-on experience using AI copilots to generate demo narratives, configure or validate demo data, summarize discovery, draft ROI models, and mine customer/prospect data for product insights Our Values We are a Team. Employees, customers, and partners working together. We are Customer-Focused. Customers are the heart of everything we do. We are Driven. Seeking exceptional outcomes. We Own our Success. Every employee has a stake in our company. We do the right thing and have fun in the process. The salary range for this opportunity is $95,000 - 112,500 per year. You will be eligible to earn commissions subject to commission plans and policies that may be in effect from time to time. You will further be eligible for employee equity as well as to participate in Unanet's employee benefits plans and programs. For more details on Unanet's benefits offerings, please visit https://unanet.com/employee-benefits . Unanet is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Applicants will be considered for positions without regard to race, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. Your Safety Matters: Avoiding Recruiting Scams Your job search should be a rewarding experience. Unfortunately, there are bad actors out there who aim to exploit today’s job seeker. It’s important to protect yourself against fraudulent recruiting practices. These bad actors go to great lengths to collect your personal information. They do so by posting fraudulent jobs, engaging in disingenuous interviews, and even extending fabricated offers. To protect yourself, please note the following about Unanet’s hiring experience: You will never be asked to complete an application through a non-Unanet website. All open opportunities are posted on our official careers page: https://unanet.com/about/careers. You will only receive communication from an email address ending in: @unanet.com. You will never be asked to provide sensitive personal information before you’ve accepted an offer of employment, and you will never be asked to provide payment of any kind."	"https://findwork.dev/MLrYzZn/solutions-engineer-govcon-at-unanet"		"4151373ad478c8abead75e453b724e465af4ff7aafcce5cc012185f84dfa747b"	"2026-04-15 04:07:46.897"	"2026-04-15 04:07:46.9"	112500	95000	"As a Solution Engineer, you will drive growth for GovCon solutions by aligning customer needs with Unanet’s product capabilities. This role requires deep GovCon expertise, technical skills, and collaboration with Sales and Product to deliver tailored solutions for government contractors."	"$95,000 - 112,500 per year"	"{""Lead and participate in the solution engineering process for GovCon opportunities, shaping demonstration strategy and influencing deal direction."",""Develop and customize GovCon demo environments with realistic contracting data scenarios."",""Create reusable GovCon demo assets (flows, scripts, data sets, configuration patterns)."",""Mentor others in building scripts, tools, and databases, leveraging AI for demo impact."",""Track and report on key performance indicators for GovCon pursuits (demo effectiveness, win/loss analysis)."",""Collaborate with Sales Enablement, Product, Marketing, and Sales Ops to maintain GovCon-focused enablement assets."",""Analyze patterns across GovCon prospects to identify product gaps versus configuration opportunities."",""Stay current on GovCon product capabilities and incorporate new features into demonstrations."",""Conduct discovery sessions with GovCon prospects to align solutions with business and regulatory needs."",""Serve as a strategic advisor to clients, aligning capabilities with evaluation criteria and business outcomes."",""Develop client-specific proposals, business cases, and ROI models for GovCon solutions."",""Act as a GovCon subject matter expert, facilitating best practices across teams."",""Represent Solution Engineering to Product, identifying trends and informing product roadmap decisions."",""Own AI-enabled demo asset creation and use AI/analytics to improve win rates and demo effectiveness.""}"	"{""3+ years in presales, software consulting, implementation, or related roles with Unanet GovCon ERP or equivalent."",""Recognized GovCon subject matter expert with complex problem-solving experience."",""Proven ability to improve processes and introduce scalable best practices."",""Ability to translate GovCon requirements into solution designs, demos, and proposals for stakeholders."",""Comfort experimenting with and standardizing new AI workflows."",""Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience."",""Willingness to travel up to 10% for customer meetings and collaboration.""}"	"{""Eligible to earn commissions based on company plans."",""Employee equity participation."",""Access to Unanet's employee benefits plans and programs.""}"	"{Costpoint,QuickBooks,JAMIS,Procas,""AI copilots""}"	
"cmnzj5yac000kdg2eb26uragy"	"XxqgZln"	"findwork"	"Sales &amp; CRM Business Analyst"	"Otis"		"Date Posted: 2026-03-23 Country: United States of America Location: OTCTH: Connecticut Home Offices Remote Location, Remote City, CT, 06032 USA Would you like to join a truly international, talent driven company that values Safety, Ethics, Quality, Innovation and Employee Opportunity? The Sales & CRM Business Analyst plays a key role on the design team, partnering closely with business stakeholders and solution architects to deliver high‑value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams. While the primary focus is a Service Sales Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, the role also offers exposure to a broader suite of enterprise applications. This position is responsible for translating stakeholder visions into actionable, well‑defined features, documenting detailed design requirements, and effectively transitioning work items to development teams for execution. The Sales & CRM Business Analyst position provides the opportunity to learn the workings of a global business and has engagement with local stakeholders all over the world. The role allows one to grow in both business heavy as well as technical and digital skillsets. This role offers the ability to help evolve both business process and technical solutions across unique business streams. On a typical day you will: Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points in order to understand problem statements and recommend ideal technical solutions and system workarounds Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Lead the documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) in the form of Epics, Features, and User Stories Lead Scrum Team “Refinement” Sessions with Technical Stakeholders to summarize Feature’s Design, determine estimates, and complete preparation activities for upcoming Sprint Cycles Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements being introduced into the solution Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents Prepare System Release Notes to be distributed to End Users for training and change management purposes Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to key stakeholders Participate in team retrospectives and help drive continuous improvement What you will need to be successful: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required 2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations Proven ability to facilitate cross‑functional, multi‑geography workshops (international experience a plus) Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills Ability to balance strategic (“big picture”) thinking with tactical execution Highly organized, analytical, and detail‑oriented Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred Experience with cloud‑based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred Additional Comments: Given the nature of the position, applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S. now and in the future without sponsorship. What we offer: We offer a 401(k) plan with a generous company match and an automatic retirement contribution for your future financial security from day one of your employment, you and your eligible dependents will receive comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Enjoy three weeks of paid vacation, along with paid company holidays We provide paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs to support your well-being. Life insurance and disability coverage to protect you and your family. Voluntary benefits, including options for legal, pet, home, and auto insurance. We offer generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits, as well as adoption assistance, to support growing families. Pursue your educational goals with our tuition reimbursement program. Recognize and be recognized! We celebrate service anniversaries and offer spot performance bonus opportunities to show our appreciation. The salary range for this role is $116,000 - $174,000. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may change in the future. Pay within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. If you live in a city, chances are we will give you a lift or play a role in keeping you moving every day. Otis is the world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, and service company. We move 2.4 billion people every day and maintain approximately 2.4 million customer units worldwide, the industry's largest Service portfolio. You may recognize our products in some of the world’s most famous landmarks including the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building, Burj Khalifa and the Petronas Twin Towers! We are 72,000 people strong, including engineers, digital technology experts, sales, and functional specialists, as well as factory and field technicians, all committed to meeting the diverse needs of our customers and passengers in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. We are proud to be a diverse, global team with a proven legacy of innovation that continues to be the bedrock of a fast-moving, high-performance company. When you join Otis, you become part of an innovative global industry leader with a resilient business model. You’ll belong to a diverse, trusted, and caring community where your contributions, and the skills and capabilities you’ll gain working alongside the best and brightest, keep us connected and on the cutting edge. We provide opportunities, training, and resources, that build leadership and capabilities in Sales, Field, Engineering and Major Projects and our Employee Scholar Program is a notable point of pride, through which Otis sponsors colleagues to pursue degrees or certification programs. Today, our focus more than ever is on people. As a global, people-powered company, we put people – passengers, customers, and colleagues – at the center of everything we do. We are guided by our values that we call our Three Absolutes – prioritizing Safety, Ethics, Quality in all that we do. If you would like to learn more about environmental, social and governance (ESG) at Otis click here . Become a part of the Otis team and help us #Buildwhatsnext! Otis is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other protected class according to applicable law. To request an accommodation in completing an employment application due to a special need or a disability, please contact us at careers@otis.com. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"	"https://findwork.dev/XxqgZln/sales-amp-crm-business-analyst-at-otis"		"3a1464d674b329e2b4b2efbf3cbd6641eb9e8d500d5681e368c6bddcec80f4d0"	"2026-04-15 04:08:30.416"	"2026-04-15 04:08:30.42"	174000	116000	"The Sales & CRM Business Analyst partners with stakeholders to design high-value features for sales, marketing, and billing teams, translating business needs into technical solutions. The role involves global collaboration, process improvement, and evolving both business processes and technical systems."	"$116,000 - $174,000"	"{""Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points to recommend technical solutions"",""Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Lead documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) as Epics, Features, and User Stories"",""Lead Scrum Team 'Refinement' Sessions to summarize Feature Design, determine estimates, and prepare for Sprints"",""Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements"",""Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities"",""Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents"",""Prepare System Release Notes for End Users"",""Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to stakeholders"",""Participate in team retrospectives to drive continuous improvement""}"	"{""Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required"",""2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design"",""Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design"",""Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations"",""Proven ability to facilitate cross-functional, multi-geography workshops"",""Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity"",""Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills"",""Ability to balance strategic thinking with tactical execution"",""Highly organized, analytical, and detail-oriented"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills"",""Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies"",""Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies"",""Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred"",""Experience with cloud-based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations"",""Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred""}"	"{""401(k) plan with company match and automatic retirement contribution"",""Comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage"",""Three weeks of paid vacation and paid company holidays"",""Paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs"",""Life insurance and disability coverage"",""Voluntary benefits including legal, pet, home, and auto insurance"",""Generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits with adoption assistance"",""Tuition reimbursement program"",""Service anniversary recognition and spot performance bonuses""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module)"",""Azure DevOps"",azure}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/264e36b3816b5e904d013dadb15e493d549a7b99.jpg"
"cmnzj6brv000pdg2eksxwq9bk"	"XWxjeOn"	"findwork"	"Oracle CRM Field Service Consultant"	"NCR Voyix"		"About NCR VOYIX NCR Voyix Corporation (NYSE: VYX) is a global platform-powered leader in unified commerce for shopping and dining. Combining a flexible, intelligent platform with end-to-end payments capabilities and services developed through its deep industry experience, NCR Voyix empowers retailers and restaurants to accelerate new possibilities for their operations, experiences and business outcomes. NCR Voyix is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, and serves customers in more than 35 countries worldwide. Job Description: Oracle EBS CRM Developer (On‑Prem + Fusion) – 4 Years Experience Position: Oracle EBS / Oracle Fusion CRM Technical Developer Experience: 4 years Key Expertise: CRM (Service Request, Task, Incident Management) Location: Gurugram Type: Full-time About the Role We are seeking an Oracle Technical Developer with strong hands-on experience in Oracle EBS CRM modules particularly Service Request, Task Management, and Incident Management along with exposure to Oracle Cloud Fusion CRM. The candidate should be capable of developing custom solutions, integrations, and enhancements across CRM processes. Key Responsibilities Develop and support Oracle EBS CRM modules, including Service Requests (SR), Tasks, Incidents, Contact, Customer, Site, and related components. Customize and enhance CRM workflows, D2K forms, reports, APIs, and business events. Develop PL/SQL packages, procedures, views, and performance‑optimized CRM queries. Build and support integrations between EBS CRM ↔ Fusion, using REST/SOAP services Perform issue analysis, debugging, and resolution for CRM-related defects. Collaborate with functional teams to translate CRM business requirements into technical designs. Prepare technical design documents, test cases, and release deployment artifacts. Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in computer science, IT, or related discipline. 4–5 years of hands-on experience in Oracle EBS R12 CRM modules. Strong experience with CRM components: Service Request (SR), Tasks, Incidents Customer/Sites Strong skills in: PL/SQL Oracle Forms, Workflows ,AOL objects XML Publisher / BI Publisher Web services integrations Good understanding of Oracle EBS CRM architecture, tables, and APIs. Experience with Oracle Fusion Cloud CRM (basic to intermediate). Good understanding of Unix and shell scripting. Experience in performance tuning of CRM modules. Preferred/Good-to-Have Skills Experience with OA Framework (OAF). Knowledge of D2K forms development. Exposure to OIC integrations. Business Events & Workflow customizations in CRM. Experience with CRM-related integrations (e.g., CTI, third-party service tools). Soft Skills Strong communication and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with functional/business users. Attention to detail and strong ownership mindset. Offers of employment are conditional upon passage of screening criteria applicable to the job EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR Voyix’s commitment to diversity and equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. NCR Voyix is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. Every individual at NCR Voyix has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR Voyix only accepts resumes from agencies on the preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR Voyix employees, or any NCR Voyix facility. NCR Voyix is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes “When applying for a job, please make sure to only open emails that you will receive during your application process that come from a @ncrvoyix.com email domain.”"	"https://findwork.dev/XWxjeOn/oracle-crm-field-service-consultant-at-ncr-voyix"		"5b15f1d2a80f495998c07ba8a484e65fcf392932045c9574dd739d0165d39a8d"	"2026-04-15 04:08:47.897"	"2026-04-15 04:08:47.899"			"NCR Voyix seeks an Oracle EBS / Oracle Fusion CRM Technical Developer with 4 years of experience to develop and support CRM modules, including Service Requests, Tasks, and Incident Management. The role involves custom solutions, integrations, and enhancements across CRM processes, with collaboration on technical designs and deployments."		"{""Develop and support Oracle EBS CRM modules, including Service Requests (SR), Tasks, Incidents, Contact, Customer, Site, and related components."",""Customize and enhance CRM workflows, D2K forms, reports, APIs, and business events."",""Develop PL/SQL packages, procedures, views, and performance-optimized CRM queries."",""Build and support integrations between EBS CRM ↔ Fusion, using REST/SOAP services."",""Perform issue analysis, debugging, and resolution for CRM-related defects."",""Collaborate with functional teams to translate CRM business requirements into technical designs."",""Prepare technical design documents, test cases, and release deployment artifacts.""}"	"{""Bachelor’s degree in computer science, IT, or related discipline."",""4–5 years of hands-on experience in Oracle EBS R12 CRM modules."",""Strong experience with CRM components: Service Request (SR), Tasks, Incidents, Customer/Sites."",""Strong skills in PL/SQL, Oracle Forms, Workflows, AOL objects, XML Publisher / BI Publisher, Web services integrations."",""Good understanding of Oracle EBS CRM architecture, tables, and APIs."",""Experience with Oracle Fusion Cloud CRM (basic to intermediate)."",""Good understanding of Unix and shell scripting."",""Experience in performance tuning of CRM modules."",""Experience with OA Framework (OAF)."",""Knowledge of D2K forms development."",""Exposure to OIC integrations."",""Business Events & Workflow customizations in CRM."",""Experience with CRM-related integrations (e.g., CTI, third-party service tools).""}"	"{}"	"{""Oracle EBS CRM"",""Oracle Fusion Cloud CRM"",PL/SQL,""Oracle Forms"",""AOL objects"",""XML Publisher"",""BI Publisher"",""REST/SOAP services"",Unix,""shell scripting"",""OA Framework"",""D2K forms"",""OIC integrations"",""Business Events"",CTI,sql,oracle}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/56fa33ae7341e013b36cbf1e884616e0f1e6bdcb.jpg"
"cmnzj7285000tdg2ezw6ck7w0"	"M1pAw5Q"	"findwork"	"Desenvolvedor Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 - Sênior"	"Framework"		"Somos a Framework! Evoluímos grandes marcas em todo o mundo com transformação digital e crescemos continuamente através de agilidade, design e tecnologia. Fazer parte do nosso time é saber que a sua jornada será de desafios reais, de crescimento contínuo e de contato diário com referências em tecnologia. Vem com a gente! *Todas as nossas vagas são abertas para PCDs! Benefícios? É claro que temos! 🍝 Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais 💻 Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais 🚗 Você decide entre vale-transporte ou vale-combustível, no caso de vagas híbridas e presenciais 🏥 Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade ❤️ Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais 💸 Participação nos lucros 💪 Total Pass para se manter saudável 🌎 Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas com cobertura mundial 👶 Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias 👶 Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias 🥦 Desconto em consultas nutricionais 🧠 Desconto em terapia online 🛍️ Clube de benefícios para quem gosta de comprar com descontos 💡 Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT 💵 Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores E não paramos por aí! 🕗 Horário flexível 👕 No dress code 🍎 Nas pausas presenciais, fique à vontade para comer pães, bolos e frutas 💜 Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa. E qual será a sua missão na Framework? Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 , incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript . Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos. Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas. Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro. Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções. Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas. O que é preciso para fazer parte do time? Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 . Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API . Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos. Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software. Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git . Será um diferencial se você: Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas. Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid). Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365. A NOSSA EVOLUÇÃO É CRESCENTE! E, para acompanhar esse crescimento, precisamos de pessoas que agreguem propondo ideias, soluções e desafios! Gostou da oportunidade? Vamos juntos e​ faça parte da nossa história! 💜 #vempraframe"	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAw5Q/desenvolvedor-microsoft-dynamics-crm-11-senior-at-framework"		"66bfd9fe805d27ad656dd83a3206fcfb9fbbb23bbf96671a758a02d1fafee579"	"2026-04-15 04:09:22.178"	"2026-04-15 04:09:22.181"			"Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11, incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Realizar customizações avançadas utilizando C#, JavaScript e Web API, colaborando com times multidisciplinares para alinhar requisitos e garantir entregas efetivas."		"{""Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",""Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos"",""Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo aderência às melhores práticas"",""Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro"",""Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções"",""Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas""}"	"{""Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",""Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API"",""Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos"",""Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software"",""Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git"",""Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas (diferencial)"",""Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid) (diferencial)"",""Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365 (diferencial)""}"	"{""Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais"",""Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais"",""Vale-transporte ou vale-combustível para vagas híbridas e presenciais"",""Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade"",""Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais"",""Participação nos lucros"",""Total Pass para atividades físicas"",""Trib Pass para troca de moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas"",""Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias"",""Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias"",""Desconto em consultas nutricionais"",""Desconto em terapia online"",""Clube de benefícios com descontos"",""Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT"",""Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores"",""Horário flexível"",""Sem dress code"",""Acesso a pães, bolos e frutas nas pausas presenciais"",""Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",C#,.NET,JavaScript,""Web API"",""Azure DevOps"",Git,""Application Insights"",""Service Bus"",""Event Grid"",""CRM 4.0"",""CRM 365"",azure,net}"	
"cmnzj7k2i000ydg2eld54mwsn"	"nvDOB2M"	"findwork"	"Product Lead - Data Products"	"Payra"		"What You&rsquo;ll Do You&rsquo;ll be the connective tissue between our engineering team, our ERP partners, and the broader business. Day to day, that means: Roadmap & Strategy Own and maintain the product roadmap end to end. Prioritize features and integrations based on partner needs, customer feedback, and business impact. Communicate the &ldquo;what,&rdquo; &ldquo;why,&rdquo; and &ldquo;when&rdquo; clearly to engineering, leadership, and external stakeholders. ERP Partner Management Act as Payra&rsquo;s primary point of contact with ERP companies (think partner portals, developer programs, certification processes, and co-selling motions). Build and maintain strong working relationships with partner product and technical teams. Stay deeply current on each ERP ecosystem&rsquo;s release cycles, API changes, and marketplace requirements. Unblocking Engineering Handle the business and partnership side of developing within ERP partner systems: securing sandbox/dev environments, managing partner developer accounts and credentials, navigating approval and review processes, resolving licensing or compliance questions, and chasing down documentation or technical contacts so engineers can stay focused on building. Cross-functional Coordination Translate business requirements into clear specs and user stories. Run sprint planning and backlog grooming alongside engineering leads. Define success metrics and track them post-launch. Customer Insight Gather and synthesize feedback from customers, partners, and the sales team to inform what we build next. What We&rsquo;re Looking For Previous experience at a startup or a small fast-moving team where you were involved in bringing a new product to life from scratch. 3+ years of product management experience, ideally involving integrations, APIs, or platform/partnership work. You don&rsquo;t need to be a developer, but you should be comfortable navigating technical documentation and partner developer programs. Familiarity with at least one major ERP ecosystem is a plus (e.g., NetSuite, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Sage, Acumatica). A track record of managing external partner relationships. You know how to get things done when you don&rsquo;t control the other side of the table. Strong organizational skills and a bias toward action. You&rsquo;re the kind of person who sees a blocker and runs toward it rather than waiting for someone to assign it. Experience working closely with engineering teams in an agile environment. Nice to Have Direct experience with ERP partner certification or marketplace listing processes. Engineering background with coding proficiency."	"https://findwork.dev/nvDOB2M/product-lead-data-products-at-payra"		"071c85cba9368494d8f9f9e6c742f80edea35659a06a4f917f3721ea21f6ec36"	"2026-04-15 04:09:45.305"	"2026-04-15 04:09:45.306"			"You'll serve as the connective tissue between the engineering team, ERP partners, and the broader business, managing product roadmaps, partner relationships, engineering support, cross-functional coordination, and customer insights."		"{""Own and maintain the product roadmap end to end"",""Prioritize features and integrations based on partner needs, customer feedback, and business impact"",""Communicate the 'what,' 'why,' and 'when' clearly to engineering, leadership, and external stakeholders"",""Act as Payra's primary point of contact with ERP companies (partner portals, developer programs, certification processes, co-selling motions)"",""Build and maintain strong working relationships with partner product and technical teams"",""Stay deeply current on each ERP ecosystem's release cycles, API changes, and marketplace requirements"",""Handle the business and partnership side of developing within ERP partner systems (sandbox/dev environments, developer accounts, credentials, approval processes, licensing, compliance, documentation, technical contacts)"",""Translate business requirements into clear specs and user stories"",""Run sprint planning and backlog grooming alongside engineering leads"",""Define success metrics and track them post-launch"",""Gather and synthesize feedback from customers, partners, and the sales team to inform product development""}"	"{""Previous experience at a startup or small fast-moving team building a new product from scratch"",""3+ years of product management experience, ideally involving integrations, APIs, or platform/partnership work"",""Comfort navigating technical documentation and partner developer programs"",""Familiarity with at least one major ERP ecosystem (e.g., NetSuite, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Sage, Acumatica)"",""Track record of managing external partner relationships"",""Strong organizational skills and a bias toward action"",""Experience working closely with engineering teams in an agile environment""}"	"{}"	"{NetSuite,SAP,""Microsoft Dynamics"",Sage,Acumatica}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/2710d1a8394fe771421bc69eb7c5019d686e65f9.jpg"
"cmnzj7z620012dg2e11gs166t"	"MrJep1M"	"findwork"	"Mobile Developer"	"C4Media Inc."		"C4Media, Inc. (HQ Toronto, Canada. Private. Established in 2007), is seeking a Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to join our fully remote, global, fun, and friendly team. As a Mobile Developer, you will focus on execution and delivery, building and maintaining mobile features end-to-end—from consuming APIs and managing state to rendering polished, production-ready UI on iOS and Android. The ideal candidate: Is comfortable sitting between frontend and backend concerns Can take a spec and turn it into a complete mobile feature Understands that most bugs live in data flow and edge cases Is pragmatic about architecture and tooling Takes responsibility for the stability of what they ship What You'll Do Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering. Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states. Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android. Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases. Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently. Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control. Job Requirements Professional Experience, Skills & Education: 3–5 years of professional mobile development experience Strong proficiency in React Native Solid TypeScript skills Experience integrating APIs (REST) Experience with mobile state management (Redux) Good understanding of mobile performance considerations Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences Experience shipping apps to production Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work Only candidates who submit their applications in English will be considered for this role (including resume) Setup Requirements: Able to work in a full-time remote position Reside in Europe Able to work as an independent contractor Able to work in overlap with our core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST) Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year, with an average stay of 4–8 days, to attend our software conferences and annual company meetings Why work for C4Media: Work from home - always: We are a remote-first and remote-always team who has been successfully operating on a work-from-home basis since 2007. And we have no intention of changing that. Travel the world: C4Media offers an opportunity to travel 1 - 3 times a year at our expense to NYC, SF, London, and other fun, global locations for conferences & team building. We also got you covered to add a sightseeing day to the end of the trip! Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, support, and well-being. Check out our core values on our careers page. Learn something new: C4Media&rsquo;s culture is one of learning & mastering. Everyone has a training and education budget for professional growth every year and is encouraged to use it. Make friends across the world: Be a part of a leading, fast-growing international company and build a network of international friends and colleagues for life. Support wellbeing: In an effort to make physical activity more readily accessible, we offer staff an annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness. Generous paid time off: In addition to 25 paid days off in the 1st year and 30 paid days off in every subsequent year, we provide 1 paid day off for birthdays (or a similar special day) and 2 paid days for continuing education."	"https://findwork.dev/MrJep1M/mobile-developer-at-c4media-inc"		"676f576a6436d4c2f4cab1498b83318315c5d617dfcbc74256ec15be8dae518c"	"2026-04-15 04:10:04.871"	"2026-04-15 04:10:04.874"			"C4Media seeks a React Native Mobile Developer contractor to build and maintain mobile features end-to-end, focusing on cross-platform delivery and production readiness. The role requires collaboration with backend and product teams to implement requirements efficiently."		"{""Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering."",""Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states."",""Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android."",""Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases."",""Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently."",""Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control.""}"	"{""3–5 years of professional mobile development experience"",""Strong proficiency in React Native"",""Solid TypeScript skills"",""Experience integrating APIs (REST)"",""Experience with mobile state management (Redux)"",""Good understanding of mobile performance considerations"",""Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences"",""Experience shipping apps to production"",""Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work"",""Able to work in a full-time remote position"",""Reside in Europe"",""Able to work as an independent contractor"",""Able to work in overlap with core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST)"",""Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home"",""Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer"",""Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year for conferences and meetings""}"	"{""Work from home - always (remote-first and remote-always team)"",""Travel the world: 1-3 trips per year at company expense to NYC, SF, London, etc., with optional sightseeing"",""Annual training and education budget for professional growth"",""Annual fitness and wellness subsidy"",""Generous paid time off: 25 days first year, 30 days subsequent years, plus 1 birthday day and 2 education days""}"	"{""React Native"",TypeScript,Redux,iOS,Android,react}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/17fb995e7a02b4dc4e22b1f355ea6e3cf6ff2c15.jpg"
"cmnzjaw3b001rdg2et34on0im"	"nYPDqbX"	"findwork"	"Lead Full Stack Developer (UI/UX)"	"Hitachi Vantara Corporation"		"Our Company We’re Hitachi Digital, a company at the forefront of digital transformation and the fastest growing division of Hitachi Group. We’re crucial to the company’s strategy and ambition to become a premier global player in the massive and fast-moving digital transformation market. Our group companies, including GlobalLogic, Hitachi Digital Services, Hitachi Vantara and more, offer comprehensive services that span the entire digital lifecycle, from initial idea to full-scale operation and the infrastructure to run it on. Hitachi Digital represents One Hitachi, integrating domain knowledge and digital capabilities, and harnessing the power of the entire portfolio of services, technologies, and partnerships, to accelerate synergy creation and make real-world impact for our customers and society as a whole. Imagine the sheer breadth of talent it takes to unleash a digital future. We don’t expect you to ‘fit’ every requirement – your life experience, character, perspective, and passion for achieving great things in the world are equally as important to us. The Team As a Full Stack Developer, you will design and develop end-to-end web applications, ensuring seamless integration between front-end and back-end systems. You will focus on intuitive UI/UX, robust APIs, and data visualization using Looker BI, while leveraging best practices for scalability, security, and performance. The Role Application Development Design and implement responsive, user-friendly interfaces using React.js and modern UI frameworks. Develop and maintain RESTful APIs and backend services using Python and Node.js. Integrate Looker BI dashboards and embed analytics into applications for actionable insights. Ensure cross-browser compatibility, accessibility, and mobile responsiveness. Architecture & Integration Collaborate with architects to align solutions with enterprise standards and cloud-native patterns. Integrate applications with databases, authentication systems, and third-party APIs. Optimize application performance and scalability across distributed environments. Quality & Governance Implement secure coding practices, data protection, and compliance controls. Conduct code reviews, unit testing, and maintain CI/CD pipelines for continuous delivery. Document architecture decisions, workflows, and best practices. What you’ll bring Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Strong proficiency in React.js, JavaScript/TypeScript, and modern UI frameworks. Hands-on experience with Python and Node.js for backend development. Experience with Looker BI or similar BI tools for data visualization. Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases and API integration. Understanding of UI/UX principles, responsive design, and accessibility standards. Preferred Qualifications Experience with cloud platforms (GCP preferred; AWS/Azure a plus). Knowledge of containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) and microservices architecture. Exposure to CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, Jenkins) and DevOps practices. Familiarity with data analytics, ETL pipelines, and data modeling. Key Competencies Strong problem-solving and debugging skills. Ability to translate business requirements into intuitive user experiences. Collaborative mindset with excellent communication skills. Passion for clean, maintainable code and modern development practices. Success Metrics Delivery of high-quality, responsive applications meeting UI/UX standards. Integration of Looker BI dashboards for actionable insights. Reduction in application latency and improved scalability. Positive user feedback on usability and performance. What You’ll Work With Front-End: React.js, TypeScript, CSS-in-JS frameworks. Back-End: Python (Flask/Django), Node.js (Express), RESTful APIs. Data & BI: Looker BI, SQL/NoSQL databases. Cloud & DevOps: GCP (preferred), Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD pipelines. About us We’re a global, 1000-stong, diverse team of professional experts, promoting and delivering Social Innovation through our One Hitachi initiative (OT x IT x Product) and working on projects that have a real-world impact. We’re curious, passionate and empowered, blending our legacy of 110 years of innovation with our shaping our future. Here you’re not just another employee; you’re part of a tradition of excellence and a community working towards creating a digital future. #LI-AP1"	"https://findwork.dev/nYPDqbX/lead-full-stack-developer-uiux-at-hitachi-vantara-corporation"		"71a16a568ccbf6a8811d89ade7d18e655cf65b6e5a5f0dccd5d93bbb989c899d"	"2026-04-15 04:12:20.853"	"2026-04-15 04:12:20.855"			"As a Full Stack Developer at Hitachi Digital, you will design and develop end-to-end web applications, ensuring seamless integration between front-end and back-end systems. The role focuses on intuitive UI/UX, robust APIs, and data visualization using Looker BI, while adhering to scalability, security, and performance best practices."		"{""Design and implement responsive, user-friendly interfaces using React.js and modern UI frameworks."",""Develop and maintain RESTful APIs and backend services using Python and Node.js."",""Integrate Looker BI dashboards and embed analytics into applications for actionable insights."",""Ensure cross-browser compatibility, accessibility, and mobile responsiveness."",""Collaborate with architects to align solutions with enterprise standards and cloud-native patterns."",""Integrate applications with databases, authentication systems, and third-party APIs."",""Optimize application performance and scalability across distributed environments."",""Implement secure coding practices, data protection, and compliance controls."",""Conduct code reviews, unit testing, and maintain CI/CD pipelines for continuous delivery."",""Document architecture decisions, workflows, and best practices.""}"	"{""Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field."",""5+ years of experience in full-stack development."",""Strong proficiency in React.js, JavaScript/TypeScript, and modern UI frameworks."",""Hands-on experience with Python and Node.js for backend development."",""Experience with Looker BI or similar BI tools for data visualization."",""Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases and API integration."",""Understanding of UI/UX principles, responsive design, and accessibility standards."",""Experience with cloud platforms (GCP preferred; AWS/Azure a plus) [Preferred]."",""Knowledge of containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) and microservices architecture [Preferred]."",""Exposure to CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, Jenkins) and DevOps practices [Preferred]."",""Familiarity with data analytics, ETL pipelines, and data modeling [Preferred].""}"	"{}"	"{React.js,TypeScript,""CSS-in-JS frameworks"",""Python (Flask/Django)"",""Node.js (Express)"",""RESTful APIs"",""Looker BI"",SQL,""NoSQL databases"",GCP,Docker,Kubernetes,""GitHub Actions"",Jenkins,django,javascript,azure,accessibility,aws,restful,nosql,node,etl,express,react,flask,python,github}"	
"cmnzj8eyb0017dg2ed6y7rgvo"	"MrJepVM"	"findwork"	"Senior Software Engineer (Product Platform)"	"Veriff"		"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. Our software verifies over 10,000 government-issued documents from more than 190 countries, and this is growing fast! These are millions of verified identities a year and countless people working behind the scenes to help make the lives of millions—and eventually billions—of people safer online. We are a force for good, and we want to be the standard for trust online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will do more than write code—you will help architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact. We are looking for problem solvers like you to ensure this happens. The Platform Area supports cross-domain business needs and processes through a common platform infrastructure. The development and evolution of the Veriff Platform are critical to our success. Our platform allows us to quickly adapt our technology to meet the rapidly evolving identity verification market needs and the strong appetite of our teams and customers to use innovative solutions to identify their customers and keep their communities safe. The Veriff platform is a technical area with lots of business and scalability challenges that are key to Veriff’s continuous success. You’ll help us protect honest people online by: Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications. Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers. Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability. Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design. Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges. You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have: Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards If you're passionate about coding, problem-solving, and contributing to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you! Be part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Elements of Our Tech Stack Backend: Node.js (TypeScript), Python, Golang Frontend: React (TypeScript) Mobile: Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS), Dart (Flutter), TypeScript (React Native) Infrastructure: AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform Data & ML: PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Python-based ML models Why Veriff? We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force. When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include... Flexibility to work from home Stock options that ensure your share in our success Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you! Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see Recruitment Privacy Policy . #LI-FS1#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote"	"https://findwork.dev/MrJepVM/senior-software-engineer-product-platform-at-veriff"		"5ddc57d89a9b42269653c22918e6f94bac44e9bc2155d416ff860153a2b31ccf"	"2026-04-15 04:10:25.329"	"2026-04-15 04:10:25.331"			"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact by supporting cross-domain needs through a common platform infrastructure."		"{""Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications."",""Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers."",""Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability."",""Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design."",""Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges.""}"	"{""Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications"",""Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript"",""Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system"",""A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases"",""A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field"",""The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards""}"	"{""Flexibility to work from home"",""Stock options that ensure your share in our success"",""Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation"",""Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain"",""Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance"",""Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget"",""Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary""}"	"{""Node.js (TypeScript)"",Python,Golang,""React (TypeScript)"",""Kotlin (Android)"",""Swift (iOS)"",""Dart (Flutter)"",""TypeScript (React Native)"",AWS,Kubernetes,Terraform,PostgreSQL,RabbitMQ,nodejs,kotlin,flutter,node,react,typescript,swift,android,ios}"	
"cmnzj90rd001cdg2esa0yq9cw"	"npRJLPM"	"findwork"	"Staff Product Marketing Manager - Containers"	"Chainguard"		"The role, in a nutshell: This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. Chainguard is innovative at its core - the products we build are new and different - and articulating our value in a compelling and credible way is essential to our growth. This role requires strong communication and collaboration skills and experience deeply understanding cloud-native software infrastructure products. What you’ll do: Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth. Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges. Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value. Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed. Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers. Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events. Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy. What we're looking for: 5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products. Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively. Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles. Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution. Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner. About Us Chainguard is the secure foundation for software development and deployment. By providing guarded open source software, built from source and updated continuously, Chainguard helps organizations eliminate threats in their software supply chains. Founded by the industry's leading experts on open source software, security and cloud native development, Chainguard has built the largest library of open source software that is secure by default. Chainguard’s mission is to be the safe source for open source. We live and breathe our company values: We are customer obsessed - We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better. We have a bias for intentional action - We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast. We don’t take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) - We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey. We trust each other and assume good intentions - We’re transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions. A few of the benefits we offer: Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs. Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!). 100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck. ∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset. 18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year. If your experience is close but doesn’t fulfill all requirements, please apply. We’re building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring “Chainguardians'' with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with Chainguard’s Privacy Policy . ©2025 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved."	"https://findwork.dev/npRJLPM/staff-product-marketing-manager-containers-at-chainguard"		"57470da1ccd87330f96dcf88008054eed667eb2643ccf343ae7e0df497b7e5b4"	"2026-04-15 04:10:53.591"	"2026-04-15 04:10:53.593"			"This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. The position requires strong communication and collaboration skills to articulate the company's value in cloud-native software infrastructure products."		"{""Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth."",""Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges."",""Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value."",""Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed."",""Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers."",""Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events."",""Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy.""}"	"{""5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products."",""Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively."",""Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles."",""Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution."",""Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner.""}"	"{""Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs."",""Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options."",""100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents."",""∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset."",""18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year.""}"	"{containers}"	
"cmnzj9v9o001hdg2ev8shl0ue"	"nKJqp7X"	"findwork"	"Product Engineer, Tech Ops"	"Advocate"		"About Advocate Advocate ( joinadvocate.com ) is transforming how Americans access government benefits. Our mission is to drive the time between need and relief down to zero. We have demonstrated significant progress toward this goal by combining proprietary AI-powered technology with expert human care and compassion. This approach provides an unparalleled experience for our claimants and, crucially, supports our government partners by reducing administrative burdens and enabling more efficient eligibility determinations. We’ve proven our cutting-edge AI technology works. Now, we are focused on scaling the distribution of our offering and the operations that support it. This is a unique challenge that requires a combination of high-tech precision and human-centered support. Tech Ops at Advocate At Advocate, the Tech Ops team is the connective tissue of the organization. We sit at the intersection of technology, marketing, and operations, ensuring these functions remain perfectly synchronized as we scale. We are not an IT support desk; we are front-line builders. We operate in the trenches alongside our internal users who work directly with our claimants. Our mandate is twofold: 1. Short-Term Agility: We keep the lights on and the systems humming. When roadblocks appear in production, we are there to patch them and ensure our team can continue serving claimants without friction. 2. Long-Term Scalability: We don't just fix problems; we observe patterns. We recognize recurring operational challenges and build scalable technology solutions that eliminate those hurdles for good. Tech Ops serves at the pleasure of those serving our claimants, empowering them to do their very best work every single day while contributing to our overall mission to drive time-to-relief down to zero. The Opportunity We are hiring for two Product Engineers to join our Tech Ops team. If you join us, these are some of the projects you will likely own: The End-to-End Journey Workbench. This is one of our most ambitious initiatives. We are building a centralized internal workbench to visualize the entire claimant journey, from the first ad click to the final case closure. You will build the connectivity and insights to track every onboarding step, Social Security submission, case data update, medical event, and communication touchpoint. This platform will allow us to see exactly where pipelines fail, where they succeed, and what the actual human experience feels like across the entire lifecycle. Building the External Claimant Portal. Today, claimants get updates by talking directly to our case managers. Internal and external user sentiment is overwhelming: we need a portal where users can pull real-time case status, push medical evidence directly from their providers, and receive critical updates. You could own this build from architectural design to user adoption. Engineering the Growth Engine. We are scaling our marketing operations. This involves building data warehouse pipelines to trigger outbound communications via platforms like Iterable, integrating with PPC platforms (Google, Meta, Microsoft) for conversion tracking, and ensuring our attribution models are bulletproof. You will be the primary bridge between engineering and our growth team. AI-Driven Developer Velocity. We want to turn ""I see something"" into ""We did something"" faster than ever. We are building a pipeline that takes change requests from Slack and uses LLMs with full repository context to automatically open a Pull Request for engineer review. We aim to automate the distance between operational feedback and production fixes. Front-Line Firefighting & System Resilience. TechOps is a high-availability environment. While we build for the future, we also protect the present. You will field ad hoc requests and production fires, ensuring our claimants never lose access to relief. You will be expected to master the balance between short-term viability and long-term stability: fixing the immediate issue while refactoring the system so it stays fixed for good. Next-Gen Platform Migration. As our Platform Engineering team builds the infrastructure to support new government benefits, such as Veterans’ affairs, you will lead the migration and integration of our current tech stack onto this new architecture, ensuring zero downtime for our active operations. Operational Digitization & Automation. We still deal with the physical world. You will work on projects to digitize and automate physical mail processing, automate complex government forms, and establish deep observability across all our systems to create a single source of truth for our data. ‍ The Requirements We operate as a high-leverage, specialized unit at Advocate. We are a small team of A-players who value excellence, high availability, and bias for action. We don’t just maintain systems; we are the force multipliers for the entire organization. Extreme Ownership. We need proactive drivers who own projects from gut feeling to production success. You don’t ask ""Are we there yet?"" You build the map and drive the car. You take responsibility for the ongoing success of your work, including opex, user adoption, and long-term stability. User-Obsessed Iteration. Great product engineers don't just read tickets; they build relationships with their users. You’ll talk to our users frequently, bounce ideas off them, and humble yourself to build what they actually need. You treat user feedback and system data as your primary north star. Observability over Guesswork. You believe that if it isn't measured, it isn't finished. You bake deep observability into every system you build so that data, not just opinions, drives our roadmap. By making system health and user behavior visible, you ease the burden of decision-making and allow the team to move faster with higher confidence. Massive Imperfect Action. You have a heavy bias toward shipping. You understand that the perfect tenth iteration is only possible after shipping versions one through nine. You’d rather ship a helpful MVP today and iterate tomorrow than spend a month in a back room building a masterpiece that no one asked for. Optimistic Problem Solvers. TechOps is challenging. Between scaling systems, shipping complex features, and handling a stream of support requests, things get hard. We need people who won't get disheartened, people who will collaborate, iterate, and ship their way out of any corner. The ""Camera On"" Mindset. This isn't a role for the lone wolf developer. You are part of a high-availability, highly collaborative team. You are comfortable being disrupted, you stay available to your peers, and you thrive in an environment where communication is constant and transparent. Technical Excellence in the Age of AI. While AI helps us move faster, you provide the foundational CS principles and architectural oversight that tools can't. You focus on scalability, maintainability, and deep observability. You ensure the systems we build are well-architected, stable, and easy to support when they break. The Support-Build Balance. You have the patience and professional maturity to balance new system build-outs with the reality of ongoing support. You take pride in maintaining a healthy codebase and refactoring systems to ensure they remain reliable as we grow. Trust and Feedback over Process. We value autonomy over control. You are expected to give and receive direct, constructive feedback and be generous with praise when it’s earned. You don't wait for sign-offs or permission; you push forward based on intuition and data. ‍ Tech Stack - Full-stack (TypeScript): TypeScript, React, Next.js, Nx, Node.js, GraphQL — building and maintaining full-stack apps in a monorepo. - Data: PostgreSQL, TypeORM, Redis — schema design, migrations, caching, and query performance. - Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Docker — running and evolving cloud infra and containerized services. - Integrations: Salesforce, Zendesk — CRM and support tooling, APIs, and sync patterns. - Marketing: Customer.io or Iterable, Webflow, paid ads (Google, Meta, Microsoft), conversion tracking — lifecycle messaging, marketing sites, paid campaigns, and attribution. - AI: LLM integration in production — prompting, tool use, RAG/agents, evaluation and safety, and when to use AI vs other approaches. - Quality & observability: Sentry, PostHog, Playwright — errors, product analytics, and reliable browser automation and E2E tests. - Data/analytics: Python, Databricks — pipelines, notebooks, and analytics workflows. Benefits - Comprehensive Health & Wellness: Access a full suite of medical, dental, and vision plans for you and your family, including $0 premium options and FSA/HSA accounts to suit your needs. - Time to Recharge: Balance work and life with 15 days of accrued PTO, 11 paid federal holidays, and dedicated sick leave for recovery and medical appointments. - Family-First Support: We provide 8 weeks of paid parental leave for all parents, plus an additional 2-week flex time transition period to help you ease back into work. - Professional Growth: Invest in your career with a $500 annual learning stipend plus 2 dedicated Growth Days each year to focus exclusively on your professional development. - Flexible Remote Culture: Work from wherever you are most productive. We use Slack and Gather to stay connected across time zones and host in-person team offsites up to six times per year. - Compensation & Ownership: We offer market-competitive salaries with performance-based raises and equity grants, ensuring every employee shares in Advocate’s long-term success. ️ Interview Process 1. Application. Our Tech Ops team will review your application. We’re looking to see how your skills and experience align with our needs. 2. Culture Interview. 45-minute video call with Kyle, Head of Tech Ops. Our goal is to explore your motivations to join our team, learn why you'd be a great fit, and answer questions about us. 3. Technical Interview. 75-minute video call with Kyle and Min, Tech Ops Product Engineer. You’ll choose from a list of current problem statements at the company – things you could very well be working on – and lead us through user interviews, requirements gathering, solutioning tradeoffs, and architecture diagramming. We want to see how you think and experience what it’s like to work with you on hard problems. 4. Company Interview. 30-minute video call with our CTO, Charley. 5. Offer. We’re a match! We’ll make you an offer to join the Advocate team! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/nKJqp7X/product-engineer-tech-ops-at-advocate"		"b181ed03e281b952f017c1543017779b3ad0d050360d2c42a74f57f63255736e"	"2026-04-15 04:11:33.13"	"2026-04-15 04:11:33.132"			"Advocate is seeking Product Engineers for the Tech Ops team to build scalable systems that combine AI and human care to streamline government benefits access. The role focuses on end-to-end platform development, operational automation, and system resilience to support claimants and reduce administrative burdens."		"{""Build the End-to-End Journey Workbench to visualize and analyze the entire claimant lifecycle"",""Develop the External Claimant Portal for real-time case status and medical evidence submission"",""Engineer the Growth Engine with data pipelines and marketing platform integrations"",""Design AI-driven developer velocity tools using LLMs for automated code generation"",""Lead frontline firefighting and system resilience in a high-availability environment"",""Migrate to next-gen platform infrastructure for new government benefits"",""Digitize and automate physical mail processing and government forms""}"	"{""Extreme Ownership of projects from concept to production"",""User-Obsessed Iteration through direct user engagement"",""Observability over Guesswork with measurable system insights"",""Massive Imperfect Action bias toward shipping MVPs"",""Optimistic Problem Solving under complex challenges"",""Collaborative 'Camera On' Mindset in a high-availability team"",""Technical Excellence in AI integration and system architecture"",""Support-Build Balance for maintenance and innovation"",""Trust and Feedback over Process with autonomous decision-making""}"	"{""Comprehensive Health & Wellness plans (medical, dental, vision)"",""15 days of accrued PTO + 11 paid federal holidays"",""8 weeks paid parental leave + 2-week flex transition period"",""$500 annual learning stipend + 2 dedicated Growth Days"",""Flexible remote work with Slack/Gather collaboration"",""Market-competitive salary + performance-based raises + equity grants""}"	"{TypeScript,React,Next.js,Nx,Node.js,GraphQL,PostgreSQL,TypeORM,Redis,AWS,Terraform,Docker,Salesforce,Zendesk,Customer.io,Iterable,Webflow,Google,Meta,Microsoft,LLM,Sentry,PostHog,Playwright,Python,Databricks,node,rag}"	
"cmnzjabra001mdg2el7np27gk"	"n2YvqwX"	"findwork"	"AWS Certified DevOps Engineer"	"3Pillar"		"We are looking for a highly skilled Senior AWS DevOps Engineer with strong expertise in cloud infrastructure, automation, and modern DevOps practices. The ideal candidate is technically strong, proactive, a great communicator, and brings positive energy to the team. Responsibilities: Recommend best practices for AWS cloud architectures and use of AWS resources Provide leadership in managing AWS resources, and the deployment of AWS resources Manage the Continuous Integration and Release deployment processes (i.e. Bitbucket, GitLab, Github, etc. & Terraform scripts) Manage Kubernetes clusters and related tooling Establish and ensure that comprehensive AWS disaster recovery architecture is maintained and operations are in place that comply with required RPOs and RTOs during business continuity events· Participate in IT/AWS/Azure strategic planning, project planning, and budget planning efforts Establish and maintain strong partnerships with AWS vendors and service suppliers Assist with the update and maintenance of AWS assets to ensure all systems are secure and up to date· Assist with the configuration, administration, and optimization of Enterprise IT monitoring tools to ensure proactive detection, alerting, and resolution of system issues. Partner and guide cross-functional teams to ensure successful delivery of AWS related solutions Qualifications: 10+ years’ experience in AWS and Azure infrastructure and cloud management· 5+ years’ experience with management of AWS and Azure resources· 5+ years’ experience in CI/CD Pipelines and Terraform· Experience with Docker and Kubernetes· Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Python, PowerShell, Bash, etc.)· Prior experience in a senior level role(s) in an IT organization· Extensive knowledge of AWS cloud center operations, network engineering, enterprise applications, security, and production support· Ability to see “big picture” across areas such as private and public hosted infrastructure and services, identity management, security, telecommunications, enterprise storage, big data opportunities, and end user experience· Proficient in AWS cloud native resources· Demonstrated critical thinking skills and ability to plan at a strategic, global level· Strong leadership and technical skills· Ability to communicate complex technical topics to a wide variety of audiences· Prior experience in the Life Sciences industry preferred what is it like to work at 3Pillar: At 3Pillar, we offer a world of opportunity:Imagine a flexible work environment – whether it's the office, your home, or a blend of both. From interviews to onboarding, we embody a remote-first approach. You will be part of a global team, learning from top talent around the world and across cultures, speaking English everyday. Our global workforce enables our team to leverage global resources to accomplish our work in efficient and effective teams. We’re big on your well-being – as a company, we spend a whole trimester in our annual cycle focused on wellbeing. Whether it is taking advantage of fitness offerings, mental health plans (country-dependent), or simply leveraging generous time off, we want all of our team members operating at their best. Our professional services model enables us to accelerate career growth and development opportunities - across projects, offerings, and industries. We are an equal opportunity employer. It goes without saying that we live by values like Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration to create cutting-edge technology AND reinforce our commitment to diversity - globally and locally. Join us and be a part of a global tech community! Check out our Linkedin site and Careers page to learn more about what it’s like to be part of our #oneteam! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/n2YvqwX/aws-certified-devops-engineer-at-3pillar"		"82cf900ff98d80a9c490b2c0816aac6b4be506126d4989d8b6055744dd242879"	"2026-04-15 04:11:54.5"	"2026-04-15 04:11:54.502"			"We are seeking a Senior AWS DevOps Engineer with expertise in cloud infrastructure, automation, and DevOps practices. The role requires technical strength, leadership, and collaboration with cross-functional teams to manage AWS resources and ensure system security and efficiency."		"{""Recommend best practices for AWS cloud architectures and use of AWS resources"",""Provide leadership in managing AWS resources and deployment of AWS resources"",""Manage Continuous Integration and Release deployment processes (Bitbucket, GitLab, GitHub, Terraform scripts)"",""Manage Kubernetes clusters and related tooling"",""Establish and maintain AWS disaster recovery architecture compliant with RPOs and RTOs"",""Participate in IT/AWS/Azure strategic planning, project planning, and budget planning"",""Maintain partnerships with AWS vendors and service suppliers"",""Update and maintain AWS assets for security and system updates"",""Configure, administer, and optimize Enterprise IT monitoring tools"",""Partner and guide cross-functional teams for successful AWS solution delivery""}"	"{""10+ years’ experience in AWS and Azure infrastructure and cloud management"",""5+ years’ experience with management of AWS and Azure resources"",""5+ years’ experience in CI/CD Pipelines and Terraform"",""Experience with Docker and Kubernetes"",""Experience with scripting languages (Python, PowerShell, Bash)"",""Prior experience in a senior-level IT role"",""Extensive knowledge of AWS cloud center operations, network engineering, enterprise applications, security, and production support"",""Ability to analyze private/public infrastructure, identity management, security, telecommunications, enterprise storage, big data, and end-user experience"",""Proficiency in AWS cloud-native resources"",""Demonstrated critical thinking and strategic planning skills"",""Strong leadership and technical skills"",""Ability to communicate complex technical topics to diverse audiences"",""Prior experience in the Life Sciences industry preferred""}"	"{""Flexible work environment (remote-first, office/home hybrid)"",""Global team collaboration across cultures"",""Wellness-focused trimester with fitness offerings and mental health plans (country-dependent)"",""Generous time off"",""Career growth opportunities through professional services model"",""Equal opportunity employer with commitment to diversity and inclusion"",""Values-driven culture emphasizing Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration""}"	"{Bitbucket,GitLab,GitHub,Terraform,Docker,Kubernetes,azure,aws,bash,python}"	
"cmnzjbjvd001vdg2eyvizyxfd"	"QP1Vm6M"	"findwork"	"Director, Product Management (AI Agent Platform)"	"Nextiva"		"Redefine the future of customer experiences. One conversation at a time. At Nextiva, we’re reimagining how businesses connect, bringing together customer experience and team collaboration on a single, conversation centric platform. Powered by AI, driven by human innovation. Our culture is forward thinking, customer obsessed and built on the belief that meaningful connections drive better business outcomes. Whether it’s through our signature Amazing Service®, the technology we create, or the experiences we cultivate, connection is at the core of who we are. If you’re ready to collaborate with incredible people, make an impact, and help businesses everywhere deliver truly amazing experiences, this is where you belong. Build Amazing. Deliver Amazing. Live Amazing. Be Amazing. Nextiva is at the forefront of redefining customer engagement with AI-powered communication solutions. We are looking for a Director of Product Management, AI Agents Platform to lead the strategic vision, development, and go-to-market execution of our next-generation agentic platform — enabling intelligent, multi-channel AI agents that deliver seamless communication experiences for businesses. This is a high-impact leadership role driving the evolution of Nextiva’s AI capabilities. You will oversee the product lifecycle for the AI Agent Platform, bridging innovation from our engineering teams with market needs across sales, marketing, and customer success. Key Responsibilities: Strategic Leadership Define and drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, focusing on scalable, modular agentic solutions. Lead and mentor a team of product managers across the AI product portfolio. Partner with executive leadership to align AI initiatives with company objectives and market differentiation goals. Establish clear success metrics for adoption, engagement, and business impact of AI-driven products. Product Development & Market Expertise Deeply understand the agentic AI ecosystem , including intelligent virtual assistants (IVAs), conversational AI, and multi-agent architectures. Identify and prioritize use cases such as payment collection , FAQ support , and transactional agents across communication channels (voice, chat, SMS). Collaborate closely with engineering and data science teams to design and deliver robust, high-performing AI agents. Stay at the forefront of AI innovation — understanding emerging technologies, tools, and frameworks in the agentic and LLM space. Cross-Functional Collaboration Serve as the product liaison between the India-based development teams and the U.S. go-to-market organization. Work directly with sales, marketing, and customer success to translate complex AI capabilities into clear value propositions. Ensure internal teams are equipped to position, demo, and sell AI agent products effectively. Drive collaboration on documentation, enablement, and customer education for AI product launches. Customer & Market Engagement Engage directly with enterprise customers to understand evolving needs in AI automation and customer experience. Act as a customer-facing evangelist for Nextiva’s AI capabilities — participating in client meetings, product demos, and industry events. Build strategic relationships with external partners and platforms in the AI ecosystem. Qualifications 10+ years of product management experience, with at least 4+ in a leadership capacity overseeing AI, SaaS, or communication platform products. Strong understanding of agentic AI systems , LLM orchestration, and enterprise AI deployment. Proven success leading cross-functional teams and scaling products in complex, global environments. Experience working in customer-facing roles; able to articulate complex technology in simple, outcome-driven narratives. Background in UCaaS, CCaaS , or communication-centric software products strongly preferred. Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to bridge technical and business domains. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; MBA or advanced degree preferred. What You’ll Bring A passion for AI-driven customer engagement and automation. The ability to translate vision into strategy — and strategy into execution. A growth mindset and a collaborative leadership style. Comfort operating in a fast-paced, globally distributed organization. Nextiva DNA (Core Competencies) Nextiva’s most successful team members share common traits and behaviors: Drives Results: Action-oriented with a passion for solving problems. They bring clarity and simplicity to ambiguous situations, challenge the status quo, and ask what can be done differently. They lead and drive change, celebrating success to build more success. Critical Thinker: Understands the ""why"" and identifies key drivers, learning from the past. They are fact-based and data-driven, forward-thinking , and see problems a few steps ahead. They provide options, recommendations, and actions, understanding risks and dependencies. Right Attitude: They are team-oriented, collaborative, competitive, and hate losing. They are resilient, able to bounce back from setbacks, zoom in and out, and get in the trenches to help solve important problems. They cultivate a culture of service, learning, support, and respect, caring for customers and teams. Total Rewards Our Total Rewards offerings are designed to allow Nexties to take care of themselves and their families so they can be their best, in and out of the office. Our compensation packages are tailored to each role and candidate's qualifications. We consider a wide range of factors, including skills, experience, training, and certifications, when determining compensation. We aim to offer competitive salaries or wages that reflect the value you bring to our team. Depending on the position, compensation may include base salary and/or hourly wages, incentives, or bonuses. The expected hiring range is $160,000-$300,000. A different level in the job hierarchy may apply to a specific candidate, resulting in a different hiring range. Health - Multiple health plan options to suit your needs, including medical, dental, vision, and telemedicine coverage Insurance - Life, disability, and supplemental indemnity plans Work-Life Balance ️ - Flexible Time Off (FTO) for salaried employees, PTO for hourly employees, Paid Sick Time (PST), paid parental bonding leave, and paid holidays Financial Security - 401(k) with company match, Health Savings Accounts with company contributions, Dependent Care FSA Wellness ‍ - Employee Assistance Program and comprehensive wellness initiatives Growth - Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities and career advancement At Nextiva, we're committed to supporting our employees' health, well-being, and professional growth. Join us and build a rewarding career! Nextiva is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Nextiva participates in the E-Verify Program where and as required by law. For additional information about E-Verify visit USCIS . #LI-MS1 #LI-Remote Founded in 2008, Nextiva has grown into a global leader trusted by over 100,000 businesses and 1M+ users worldwide. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with teams across the globe, we're the future of customer experience and team collaboration through our AI-powered, conversation-centric platform. Want to see what life at Nextiva is all about? Connect with us on Instagram , Instagram MX , YouTube , LinkedIn , and the Nextiva Blog ."	"https://findwork.dev/QP1Vm6M/director-product-management-ai-agent-platform-at-nextiva"		"f89286986a620f3c82037c548e9b9327ad5b758167cb7bb6b331648ea7148843"	"2026-04-15 04:12:51.67"	"2026-04-15 04:12:51.673"	300000	160000	"Lead the strategic vision, development, and go-to-market execution of Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, enabling intelligent, multi-channel AI agents for seamless communication experiences. This high-impact role bridges innovation with market needs across sales, marketing, and customer success."	"$160,000-$300,000"	"{""Define and drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, focusing on scalable, modular agentic solutions."",""Lead and mentor a team of product managers across the AI product portfolio."",""Partner with executive leadership to align AI initiatives with company objectives and market differentiation goals."",""Establish clear success metrics for adoption, engagement, and business impact of AI-driven products."",""Deeply understand the agentic AI ecosystem, including intelligent virtual assistants (IVAs), conversational AI, and multi-agent architectures."",""Identify and prioritize use cases such as payment collection, FAQ support, and transactional agents across communication channels (voice, chat, SMS)."",""Collaborate closely with engineering and data science teams to design and deliver robust, high-performing AI agents."",""Stay at the forefront of AI innovation, understanding emerging technologies, tools, and frameworks in the agentic and LLM space."",""Serve as the product liaison between India-based development teams and the U.S. go-to-market organization."",""Work directly with sales, marketing, and customer success to translate complex AI capabilities into clear value propositions."",""Ensure internal teams are equipped to position, demo, and sell AI agent products effectively."",""Drive collaboration on documentation, enablement, and customer education for AI product launches."",""Engage directly with enterprise customers to understand evolving needs in AI automation and customer experience."",""Act as a customer-facing evangelist for Nextiva’s AI capabilities, participating in client meetings, product demos, and industry events."",""Build strategic relationships with external partners and platforms in the AI ecosystem.""}"	"{""10+ years of product management experience, with at least 4+ in a leadership capacity overseeing AI, SaaS, or communication platform products."",""Strong understanding of agentic AI systems, LLM orchestration, and enterprise AI deployment."",""Proven success leading cross-functional teams and scaling products in complex, global environments."",""Experience working in customer-facing roles; able to articulate complex technology in simple, outcome-driven narratives."",""Background in UCaaS, CCaaS, or communication-centric software products strongly preferred."",""Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to bridge technical and business domains."",""Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; MBA or advanced degree preferred.""}"	"{""Multiple health plan options (medical, dental, vision, telemedicine coverage)"",""Life, disability, and supplemental indemnity insurance plans"",""Flexible Time Off (FTO) for salaried employees, PTO for hourly employees, Paid Sick Time (PST), paid parental bonding leave, and paid holidays"",""401(k) with company match, Health Savings Accounts with company contributions, Dependent Care FSA"",""Employee Assistance Program and comprehensive wellness initiatives"",""Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities and career advancement""}"	"{llm}"	
"cmnzjc0sf0020dg2e8fbguza4"	"n98W7kX"	"findwork"	"Senior Product Manager, Fraud"	"Affirm"		"Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Trust is foundational to everything we do. As Affirm scales globally, protecting our consumers, merchants, and platform from fraud —while maintaining a seamless, friendly experience—is critical to our mission. As a Senior Product Manager for Trust & Safety (Fraud) , you will play a key role in building and scaling systems, experiences, and policies that keep Affirm safe for consumers and merchants worldwide. As we expand in both geographical markets and product offerings, your direct role in enabling the scaling becomes especially critical. In this role, you will work closely with a broad set of cross-functional partners across Engineering, Fraud Analytics, Legal, Compliance, Operations, and your counterparts in other Product and International teams. Effective stakeholder management and the ability to navigate complex organizational dynamics are essential. You should be high-agency, comfortable with ambiguity, and confident engaging in technical and data-driven discussions. What you'll do Own Affirm's fraud product roadmap, orchestrating across customer-facing use cases, decision platforms, vendors, and ML models Build scalable fraud prevention infrastructure that supports Affirm’s growth across merchants, consumers, and international markets Drive product development by partnering closely with Engineering, Design, Analytics, Operations, and Customer Support teams Define and establish metrics that provide clear insight into the effectiveness of fraud prevention products, balancing loss prevention, customer experience, and business impact Use data, experimentation, and customer feedback to continuously iterate on risk controls, detection systems, and user-facing experiences Deliver industry-leading fraud prevention solutions by combining strong business judgment with thoughtful product strategy and principled tradeoff-making What we look for BA/BS in a technical, analytical, or quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience Minimum of either: 5+ years of Product Management experience, or 3+ years of Product Management experience plus 1+ year of experience as an engineer, data scientist, or in a technical risk role Experience owning and shipping complex software products end-to-end, including product vision, prioritization, design, and launch Prior experience in Trust & Safety, Fraud, Risk, Payments, Fintech, or another regulated, high-scale platform environment Strong ability to lead and influence cross-functional teams of engineers, designers, and operational partners toward shared outcomes Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate tradeoffs and decisions to senior stakeholders Proven judgment in evaluating product decisions where risk, compliance, user experience, and business goals intersect Comfort working with complex data, dashboards, and experimentation frameworks to drive insight and decision making High ownership mentality with a bias toward action in ambiguous, fast-moving environments Pay Grade - N Equity Grade - 8 Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills. Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.) USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $190,000 - $240,000 USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $169,000 - $219,000 #LI-Remote Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities. We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process. [For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. By clicking ""Submit Application,"" you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein."	"https://findwork.dev/n98W7kX/senior-product-manager-fraud-at-affirm"		"74958b94c077c6d21f0f03306f2782f91f30719d8c530d93f40fa53321a3aa70"	"2026-04-15 04:13:13.597"	"2026-04-15 04:13:13.599"	240000	190000	"As a Senior Product Manager for Trust & Safety (Fraud), you will build and scale systems to protect Affirm's consumers, merchants, and platform from fraud while maintaining a seamless user experience. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop fraud prevention infrastructure and drive product development aligned with Affirm's global growth."	"USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $190,000 - $240,000; USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $169,000 - $219,000"	"{""Own Affirm's fraud product roadmap, orchestrating across customer-facing use cases, decision platforms, vendors, and ML models"",""Build scalable fraud prevention infrastructure supporting global growth across merchants, consumers, and international markets"",""Drive product development by partnering with Engineering, Design, Analytics, Operations, and Customer Support teams"",""Define metrics to measure fraud prevention product effectiveness, balancing loss prevention, customer experience, and business impact"",""Use data, experimentation, and customer feedback to iterate on risk controls, detection systems, and user-facing experiences"",""Deliver industry-leading fraud prevention solutions through product strategy and principled tradeoff-making""}"	"{""BA/BS in technical, analytical, or quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience"",""Minimum of 5+ years Product Management experience or 3+ years PM experience plus 1+ year in engineering, data science, or technical risk role"",""Experience owning and shipping complex software products end-to-end"",""Prior experience in Trust & Safety, Fraud, Risk, Payments, Fintech, or regulated high-scale platforms"",""Ability to lead cross-functional teams toward shared outcomes"",""Excellent communication skills for articulating tradeoffs to senior stakeholders"",""Proven judgment in evaluating product decisions at risk-compliance-UX-business intersections"",""Comfort working with complex data, dashboards, and experimentation frameworks""}"	"{""100% subsidized medical coverage, dental, and vision for employees and dependents"",""Flexible Spending Wallets for technology, food, lifestyle needs, and family expenses"",""Competitive vacation and holiday schedules"",""Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) with discounted share purchases"",""Remote-first work flexibility"",""Healthcare coverage for all levels of coverage""}"	"{fintech}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Affirm"
"cmnzjcmjl0025dg2eckgte3s5"	"Q62KgBQ"	"findwork"	"Firefox Product Marketing Lead - Desktop"	"Mdn"		"Why Mozilla? Mozilla Corporation is the non-profit-backed technology company that has shaped the internet for the better over the last 25 years. We make pioneering brands like Firefox, the privacy-minded web browser. Now, with more than 225 million people around the world using our products each month, we’re shaping the next 25 years of technology and helping to reclaim an internet built for people, not companies. Our work focuses on diverse areas including AI, social media, security and more. And we’re doing this while never losing our focus on our core mission – to make the internet better for people. The Mozilla Corporation is wholly owned by the non-profit 501(c) Mozilla Foundation. This means we aren’t beholden to any shareholders — only to our mission. Along with thousands of volunteer contributors and collaborators all over the world, Mozillians design, build and distribute open-source software that enables people to enjoy the internet on their terms. About this team and role: Most people don’t think about their browser. Let’s change that. Firefox is looking for an experienced product and growth marketer who can think creatively and drive results. You’ll focus on our browser products, working closely with product and marketing leadership to build and communicate a delightful, compelling alternative to big tech browsers. Firefox is a uniquely compelling opportunity – a brand people know and love, poised for real growth in the AI era, with a marketing challenge that will stand out on any resume. You’ll work globally and out in the open, sharpening the Firefox value proposition, growth strategy and product experience together with the broader open source community. What you’ll do: Deliver against Firefox desktop growth targets, working closely with product development, acquisition marketing, and integrated campaigns teams to implement an effective growth strategy and achieve daily active usage goals. Author the audience and positioning strategies for desktop browser products and features, building a clear “who” and “why” which inform the user journey. Bring exciting new functionality to market, owning the release marketing calendar and feature marketing prioritization across the Firefox desktop product teams. Improve new user retention by building effective user journeys spanning product usage and lifecycle marketing comms. Shape the product experience by contributing user insights, articulating customer needs, and partnering with product development and design on the felt product experience. Guide the Firefox marketing strategy by connecting our campaigns and programs to the feature launches and product truths that most effectively drive growth What you’ll bring: 8+ years of experience in product marketing, with consumer marketing experience preferable but not required You’re a growth-focused marketer with experience using rapid experimentation and measurement to drive performance gains. You can diagnose the health of a marketing funnel, then pick the right focus areas to drive the most impact. You’re a trusted collaborator on software teams, contributing to product roadmaps and synthesizing strategic business insights. You’re an adept generalist who can serve as the connective tissue between brand, creative, product design, and product management teams, across geographies. You can own the go-to-market lifecycle, taking a launch from brief to launch to clear next steps for the business. You make rooms more creative by framing problems effectively, facilitating great conversations, and contributing bright ideas of your own. You’re passionate about Mozilla’s mission to make the internet a healthier, more open place. What you’ll get: Generous performance-based bonus plans to all eligible employees - we share in our success as one team Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting (regardless of whether you contribute) Quarterly all-company wellness days where everyone takes a pause together Country specific holidays plus a day off for your birthday One-time home office stipend Annual professional development budget Quarterly well-being stipend Considerable paid parental leave Employee referral bonus program Other benefits (life/AD&D, disability, EAP, etc. - varies by country) About Mozilla Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe that open and free is better than closed and controlled. When you work at Mozilla, you give yourself a chance to make a difference in the lives of Web users everywhere. And you give us a chance to make a difference in your life every single day. Join us to work on the Web as the platform and help create more opportunity and innovation for everyone online. Commitment to diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging Mozilla understands that valuing diverse creative practices and forms of knowledge are crucial to and enrich the company’s core mission. We encourage applications from everyone, including members of all equity-seeking communities, such as (but certainly not limited to) women, racialized and Indigenous persons, persons with disabilities, persons of all sexual orientation s, gender identities, and expressions. We will ensure that qualified individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, as appropriate. Please contact us at hiringaccommodation@mozilla.com to request accommodation. We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race (including hairstyle and texture), religion (including religious grooming and dress practices), gender, gender identity, gender expression, color, national origin, pregnancy, ancestry, domestic partner status, disability, sexual orientation, age, genetic predisposition, medical condition, marital status, citizenship status, military or veteran status, or any other basis covered by applicable laws. Mozilla will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics or any other unlawful behavior, conduct, or purpose. Group: C #LI-REMOTE Req ID: R3027 Hiring Ranges: US Tier 1 Locations $163,000 - $217,000 USD US Tier 2 Locations $150,000 - $200,000 USD US Tier 3 Locations $138,000 - $185,000 USD"	"https://findwork.dev/Q62KgBQ/firefox-product-marketing-lead-desktop-at-mdn"		"6a58a3b9455ef861bf076347d36e14b099d6942365d277a605513ccf16671088"	"2026-04-15 04:13:41.791"	"2026-04-15 04:13:41.793"	217000	163000	"Firefox is seeking a product and growth marketer to drive browser growth and strategy, collaborating with product and marketing teams to position Firefox as a compelling alternative to major browsers. The role focuses on global growth, user retention, and integrating marketing with product development."	"US Tier 1 Locations $163,000 - $217,000 USD; US Tier 2 Locations $150,000 - $200,000 USD; US Tier 3 Locations $138,000 - $185,000 USD"	"{""Deliver against Firefox desktop growth targets by collaborating with product development, acquisition marketing, and integrated campaigns teams"",""Author audience and positioning strategies for desktop browser products and features"",""Own the release marketing calendar and feature marketing prioritization across Firefox desktop product teams"",""Improve new user retention through effective user journeys and lifecycle marketing communications"",""Contribute user insights and partner with product development/design on product experience"",""Guide Firefox marketing strategy by connecting campaigns to feature launches and product truths driving growth""}"	"{""8+ years of experience in product marketing (consumer marketing experience preferred but not required)"",""Growth-focused marketing experience using rapid experimentation and measurement"",""Ability to diagnose marketing funnel health and identify focus areas for impact"",""Collaboration experience with software teams on product roadmaps and business insights"",""Generalist capability to bridge brand, creative, product design, and product management teams globally"",""Ownership of go-to-market lifecycle from brief to launch to next steps"",""Creative problem-framing and idea generation skills"",""Passion for Mozilla's mission to improve the internet""}"	"{""Generous performance-based bonus plans"",""Rich medical, dental, and vision coverage"",""Generous retirement contributions with 100% immediate vesting"",""Quarterly all-company wellness days"",""Country-specific holidays plus birthday day off"",""One-time home office stipend"",""Annual professional development budget"",""Quarterly well-being stipend"",""Considerable paid parental leave"",""Employee referral bonus program"",""Life/AD&D, disability, EAP benefits (varies by country)""}"	"{}"	
"cmnzjczpj002adg2etb2089fw"	"MNN0xlM"	"findwork"	"Staff/Senior Security Software Engineer or SRE - Infrastructure Security"	"mongoDB"	"REMOTE (US) or HYBRID (NYC)"	"We are looking for experienced Software and Site Reliability Engineers to help secure the foundation of MongoDB Atlas, our globally distributed, multi-cloud database platform running across AWS, GCP and Azure. This is a builder role, focusing on security tooling and observability, runtime detection, hardening policies, and infrastructure-as-code guardrails that protect our massive infrastructure. Some of the things we&#x27;re working on: - Building secure-by-default infrastructure leveraging Linux, eBPF and Kubernetes security mechanisms, and implementing runtime detection and monitoring. - Developing our in-house CSPM (Cloud Security Posture Management) and Vulnerability Management platforms. - Integrating security directly into our CI&#x2F;CD workflows and Terraform pipelines. We&#x27;re looking for engineers with a strong systems mindset who have some of: - 5+ years of experience in SWE, SRE, or similar roles with some relevant security experience. - Proficiency in one programming language: Golang, Rust, Python, C&#x2F;C++ etc. - Deep understanding of Linux internals, networking, and Kubernetes security. - Familiarity with one major cloud provider (AWS, GCP or Azure.) - A builder&#x27;s mentality: you think about failure modes, observability, and operability alongside security and correctness. Other SRE &#x2F; Infrastructure teams as are also hiring. Happy to help."	"https://findwork.dev/MNN0xlM/staffsenior-security-software-engineer-or-sre-infrastructure-security-at-mongodb"		"68a0b1386b9bd7bcf22f2f5135fd33dd3613ff93596024e8c6e077873211103c"	"2026-04-15 04:13:58.853"	"2026-04-15 04:13:58.855"			"Experienced Software and Site Reliability Engineers are needed to secure MongoDB Atlas, a multi-cloud database platform. Responsibilities include building security tooling, observability, runtime detection, and infrastructure-as-code guardrails across AWS, GCP, and Azure."		"{""Building secure-by-default infrastructure leveraging Linux, eBPF and Kubernetes security mechanisms, and implementing runtime detection and monitoring."",""Developing in-house CSPM (Cloud Security Posture Management) and Vulnerability Management platforms."",""Integrating security directly into CI/CD workflows and Terraform pipelines.""}"	"{""5+ years of experience in SWE, SRE, or similar roles with some relevant security experience."",""Proficiency in one programming language: Golang, Rust, Python, C/C++ etc."",""Deep understanding of Linux internals, networking, and Kubernetes security."",""Familiarity with one major cloud provider (AWS, GCP or Azure)."",""A builder's mentality: you think about failure modes, observability, and operability alongside security and correctness.""}"	"{}"	"{Linux,eBPF,Kubernetes,Terraform,AWS,GCP,Azure,golang,mongodb,python,rust}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/mongoDB"
"cmnzjdbme002edg2ekh202aa5"	"XlLZdvX"	"findwork"	"Senior Backend Engineer"	"Eequ"	"Remote (UK)"	"Join a disciplined, senior team responsible for the platform behind Eequ, where engineers have real ownership and operate with high autonomy. We are the market-leading supplier to local authorities in the UK for council-funded activity programmes and we also serve thousands of independent providers. Our platform handles bookings, payments, and sensitive data at scale. We are profitable, bootstrapped, and growing. What you&#x27;ll do Build and operate the backend platform that powers a real marketplace handling bookings, payments, and reporting for thousands of families and providers. Design and ship features from API design through database models to deployment Make architectural decisions and communicate them clearly to the team Own our AWS infrastructure, CI&#x2F;CD pipelines, and keep production healthy with observability and alerting Lead incident response when things break, find root causes, and drive follow-ups Improve database performance, query patterns, and data pipeline as usage grows. Stack: Node.js, NestJS, TypeScript, MySQL with TypeORM, Redis, AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, CloudWatch), Terraform, Turborepo monorepo."	"https://findwork.dev/XlLZdvX/senior-backend-engineer-at-eequ"		"2db18097fb71f605742975dfbbc609bf38cf797c79006e9c585ead74de36f1b2"	"2026-04-15 04:14:14.292"	"2026-04-15 04:14:14.294"			"Join a senior engineering team responsible for a market-leading platform handling bookings, payments, and reporting for UK local authorities and independent providers. The role emphasizes autonomy, ownership, and operating a scalable system on AWS."		"{""Build and operate the backend platform powering a marketplace for bookings, payments, and reporting"",""Design and ship features from API design through database models to deployment"",""Make architectural decisions and communicate them clearly to the team"",""Own AWS infrastructure, CI/CD pipelines, and maintain production health with observability and alerting"",""Lead incident response, identify root causes, and drive follow-ups"",""Improve database performance, query patterns, and data pipelines as usage grows""}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{Node.js,NestJS,TypeScript,MySQL,TypeORM,Redis,""AWS EC2"",""AWS RDS"",""AWS S3"",""AWS CloudWatch"",Terraform,""Turborepo monorepo"",s3,aws,node,rds,turborepo}"	
"cmnzjdphb002hdg2ed3f553fy"	"nJRw2rn"	"findwork"	"Senior Paid Media Strategist"	"Advantagy"		"Role Overview The Senior Paid Media Strategist leads the strategy, execution, and performance of paid acquisition campaigns across multiple client brands, driving measurable growth in pipeline, revenue, and customer acquisition efficiency. This role requires deep expertise across major paid platforms and the ability to translate business objectives into high-performing, scalable campaign strategies. For highly qualified candidates this role has a clear path to Paid Media Director , with increasing ownership over team leadership, process development, and channel innovation. Key Responsibilities Paid Media Strategy & Execution Develop and execute paid media strategies aligned to client business goals and revenue targets Manage and optimize campaigns across Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn, and other key platforms Design full-funnel strategies across prospecting, retargeting, and conversion optimization Lead budget allocation decisions to maximize ROAS and CAC efficiency Campaign Optimization & Performance Analyze campaign performance and continuously optimize toward KPIs (CPL, CPA, ROAS, pipeline) Conduct structured testing across creatives, audiences, bidding strategies, and landing pages Identify scaling opportunities and proactively adjust strategies based on performance trends Creative & Funnel Strategy Partner with creative teams to develop high-performing ad concepts, messaging, and offers Collaborate on landing page strategy and CRO to improve conversion rates Ensure alignment between ad messaging, user intent, and post-click experience Analytics & Reporting Translate performance data into clear, actionable insights for clients and internal teams Build and maintain dashboards tied to business outcomes, not just platform metrics Connect paid media performance to CRM and pipeline metrics where possible Client & Project Leadership Lead client communication, strategy discussions, and performance reviews Maintain strong project management practices across multiple accounts (Asana, internal workflows) Set quality standards and ensure consistent execution across campaigns Qualifications Required 5+ years of experience in paid media strategy, ideally in an agency or multi-client environment Proven track record managing and scaling campaigns across B2B and B2C environments Experience working across SaaS, ecommerce, and/or multi-location service businesses Strong analytical mindset with ability to connect marketing performance to revenue outcomes Excellent communication skills with ability to present strategy and performance to clients Highly organized with strong attention to detail and low tolerance for poor execution Tools & Technology Experience with major paid platforms (Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn), analytics tools (GA4, Looker Studio), and reporting platforms. Comfortable leveraging AI tools to improve efficiency in research, creative iteration, and optimization while maintaining high-quality strategic output. Project management through Asana. Application Requirements Applicants should submit: Examples of paid media work (campaign strategy, performance reports, or case studies in ENGLISH only) A short 1–2 minute recording explaining a campaign they scaled successfully, including what worked, what didn&rsquo;t, and what they would do differently You can submit those including your resume to epak@advntgy.com"	"https://findwork.dev/nJRw2rn/senior-paid-media-strategist-at-advantagy"		"a9e53920067513c0608339781b2da45363691cd1be92b9b4a321816f4a952c9c"	"2026-04-15 04:14:32.253"	"2026-04-15 04:14:32.255"			"The Senior Paid Media Strategist leads paid acquisition campaigns across multiple client brands, driving growth in pipeline, revenue, and customer acquisition efficiency. The role involves developing strategies for major platforms, optimizing performance, and collaborating on creative and funnel strategies, with a potential path to Paid Media Director."		"{""Develop and execute paid media strategies aligned to client business goals and revenue targets"",""Manage and optimize campaigns across Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn, and other key platforms"",""Design full-funnel strategies across prospecting, retargeting, and conversion optimization"",""Lead budget allocation decisions to maximize ROAS and CAC efficiency"",""Analyze campaign performance and continuously optimize toward KPIs (CPL, CPA, ROAS, pipeline)"",""Conduct structured testing across creatives, audiences, bidding strategies, and landing pages"",""Identify scaling opportunities and proactively adjust strategies based on performance trends"",""Partner with creative teams to develop high-performing ad concepts, messaging, and offers"",""Collaborate on landing page strategy and CRO to improve conversion rates"",""Ensure alignment between ad messaging, user intent, and post-click experience"",""Translate performance data into clear, actionable insights for clients and internal teams"",""Build and maintain dashboards tied to business outcomes, not just platform metrics"",""Connect paid media performance to CRM and pipeline metrics where possible"",""Lead client communication, strategy discussions, and performance reviews"",""Maintain strong project management practices across multiple accounts (Asana, internal workflows)"",""Set quality standards and ensure consistent execution across campaigns""}"	"{""5+ years of experience in paid media strategy, ideally in an agency or multi-client environment"",""Proven track record managing and scaling campaigns across B2B and B2C environments"",""Experience working across SaaS, ecommerce, and/or multi-location service businesses"",""Strong analytical mindset with ability to connect marketing performance to revenue outcomes"",""Excellent communication skills with ability to present strategy and performance to clients"",""Highly organized with strong attention to detail and low tolerance for poor execution""}"	"{}"	"{""Google Ads"",Meta,LinkedIn,GA4,""Looker Studio"",Asana}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/af3de12bd864d534e0e7be1d6d9624b819d76bd6.jpg"
"cmnzje4bc002ldg2ebxxh2a01"	"Q4qNOqM"	"findwork"	"Mid Graphic/Motion Designer - Hubstaff"	"Hubstaff"		"Role summary We’re looking for a mid-level designer who blends motion graphics, video editing, and solid graphic design craft. You’ll create launch videos, micro-interactions for the website, ad cutdowns, social assets, and print-ready deliverables. This role is part-time (≈20 hrs/week), remote, and collaborates closely with Marketing, UX, and Web/Front-end to support A/B tests, design-system consistency, and brand growth. Key responsibilities Produce and edit short product walkthroughs, feature clips, and explainer videos (script → storyboard → edit → sound polish → export). Design web and social motion assets (hero loops, Lottie/Rive micro-interactions, component hover states) aligned to the design system. Prepare multi-variant creatives for A/B tests (length, opener frame, CTAs, static vs motion), and deliver cleanly labeled asset kits. Create design pieces and art finalization for digital: layouts, correct color spaces, bleeds/dielines, ink limits, preflight, retina exports, and usage-rights tracking. Optimize for performance and accessibility (file-size budgets, captions, safe areas, prefers-reduced-motion alternatives). Maintain organized libraries/templates; contribute motion guidelines to the design system. Partner with Web/Front-end on specs and handoff (Lottie JSON, SVG sprites, aspect ratios, compression). QA across breakpoints, densities, browsers, and platforms; document changes and versions. Light analytics collaboration: read basic experiment results to iterate (e.g., thumb-stop rate, click-through, scroll depth). Required experience 3–5 years in motion design + video editing + graphic design (agency or in-house). Portfolio that shows: product videos, UI/micro-interaction work, social/ad cutdowns, and web design / illustration projects. Hands-on art-finalization. Experience producing assets for websites and paid social; comfort resizing to multiple aspect ratios. Working with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Dev). Fluent English is required. You’ll write specs in English, record video updates, discuss feedback on Slack/Jira/Notion, and join live reviews across time zones. Based in LATAM; able to collaborate within UTC-5 (±2 hours). Tools & stack Motion & editing: After Effects, Premiere Pro (or DaVinci Resolve), Media Encoder; expressions a plus. Animation delivery: Lottie/Bodymovin, Rive; SVG animation basics; ffmpeg/HandBrake/Shutter Encoder. Design: Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop; color management and export workflows. 3D (nice-to-have): Blender or Cinema 4D. Collab & handoff: Slack, Notion/Jira, Google Drive; basic HTML/CSS understanding for specs. Perf/QA utilities: SVGO, TinyPNG, GIF/WebM/MP4 export presets; subtitles/captions tools. Analytics awareness (nice-to-have): GA4, PostHog or similar to interpret basic test outcomes. Nice-to-haves Sound design/VO cleanup, thumbnail strategy, 3D product comps. Scripting (AE expressions/Exte`ndScript), Rive state machines, or simple GSAP familiarity. Experience in B2B SaaS or tech. Illustration skills. Logistics Part-time contractor (~20 hrs/week), remote in LATAM. Reliable workstation for motion work and stable internet. Availability for a weekly check-in and async updates."	"https://findwork.dev/Q4qNOqM/mid-graphicmotion-designer-hubstaff-at-hubstaff"	"contract"	"d01b95016822e2f8bbbc7399146869b52b1461f80231fa3f5f81a8b541591ccb"	"2026-04-15 04:14:51.478"	"2026-04-15 04:14:51.48"			"We’re seeking a mid-level designer with expertise in motion graphics, video editing, and graphic design to create launch videos, micro-interactions, ad cutdowns, and print-ready deliverables. The role is part-time (~20 hrs/week), remote, and involves collaboration with Marketing, UX, and Web/Front-end teams to support A/B tests, design-system consistency, and brand growth."		"{""Produce and edit short product walkthroughs, feature clips, and explainer videos (script → storyboard → edit → sound polish → export)."",""Design web and social motion assets (hero loops, Lottie/Rive micro-interactions, component hover states) aligned to the design system."",""Prepare multi-variant creatives for A/B tests (length, opener frame, CTAs, static vs motion), and deliver cleanly labeled asset kits."",""Create design pieces and art finalization for digital: layouts, correct color spaces, bleeds/dielines, ink limits, preflight, retina exports, and usage-rights tracking."",""Optimize for performance and accessibility (file-size budgets, captions, safe areas, prefers-reduced-motion alternatives)."",""Maintain organized libraries/templates; contribute motion guidelines to the design system."",""Partner with Web/Front-end on specs and handoff (Lottie JSON, SVG sprites, aspect ratios, compression)."",""QA across breakpoints, densities, browsers, and platforms; document changes and versions."",""Light analytics collaboration: read basic experiment results to iterate (e.g., thumb-stop rate, click-through, scroll depth).""}"	"{""3–5 years in motion design + video editing + graphic design (agency or in-house)."",""Portfolio showing product videos, UI/micro-interaction work, social/ad cutdowns, and web design / illustration projects."",""Hands-on art-finalization experience."",""Experience producing assets for websites and paid social; comfort resizing to multiple aspect ratios."",""Working with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Dev)."",""Fluent English required (write specs, record video updates, discuss feedback on Slack/Jira/Notion, join live reviews across time zones)."",""Based in LATAM; able to collaborate within UTC-5 (±2 hours).""}"	"{}"	"{""After Effects"",""Premiere Pro"",""DaVinci Resolve"",""Media Encoder"",Lottie,Bodymovin,Rive,Figma,Illustrator,Photoshop,Blender,""Cinema 4D"",Slack,Notion,Jira,""Google Drive"",SVGO,TinyPNG,ffmpeg,HandBrake,""Shutter Encoder"",GA4,PostHog,accessibility}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Hubstaff"
"cmnzjekg4002pdg2eafrf9wcm"	"XRL72kQ"	"findwork"	"Online Data Analyst United States Spanish speakers"	"TELUS Digital"		"Are you a detail-oriented individual with a passion for research and a good understanding of national and local geography? This freelance opportunity allows you to work at your own pace and from the comfort of your own home. A Day in the Life of an Online Data Analyst: In this role, you will be working on a project aimed at enhancing the content and quality of digital maps that are used by millions of people worldwide Completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment such as verifying and comparing data, and determining the relevance and accuracy of information. Join us today and be part of a dynamic and innovative team that is making a difference in the world! TELUS Digital AI Community Our global AI Community is a vibrant network of 1 million+ contributors from diverse backgrounds who help our customers collect, enhance, train, translate, and localize content to build better AI models. Become part of our growing community and make an impact supporting the machine learning models of some of the world&rsquo;s largest brands Qualification path No previous professional experience is required to apply to this role, however, working on this project will require you to pass the basic requirements and go through a standard assessment process. This is a part-time long-term project and your work will be subject to our standard quality assurance checks during the term of this agreement. Basic Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in Spanish language Being a resident in United States for the last 2 consecutive years and having familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in United States Ability to follow guidelines and conduct online research using search engines, online maps, and website information Flexibility to work across a diverse set of task types, including maps, news, audio tasks, and relevance Daily access to a broadband internet connection, computer, and relevant software Assessment In order to be hired into the program, you&rsquo;ll take an open book qualification exam that will determine your suitability for the position and complete ID verification. Our team will provide you with guidelines and learning materials before your qualification exam. You will be required to complete the exam in a specific timeframe but at your convenience. Equal Opportunity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for a contractual relationship without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. At TELUS Digital AI, we are proud to offer equal opportunities and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive community. All aspects of selection are based on applicants&rsquo; qualifications, merits, competence, and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity."	"https://findwork.dev/XRL72kQ/online-data-analyst-united-states-spanish-speakers-at-telus-digital"	"contract"	"b25aaab1d8cf9c93e8e90575bb4cbf4064cba4be8293e63b1b84c27a5449e940"	"2026-04-15 04:15:12.384"	"2026-04-15 04:15:12.388"			"This freelance Online Data Analyst role involves enhancing digital maps by verifying and comparing data accuracy and relevance in a web-based environment. The position offers remote work flexibility and contributes to improving AI models for global brands."		"{""Completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment"",""Verifying and comparing data"",""Determining the relevance and accuracy of information"",""Enhancing the content and quality of digital maps""}"	"{""Full Professional Proficiency in Spanish language"",""Resident in United States for the last 2 consecutive years"",""Familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in United States"",""Ability to follow guidelines and conduct online research using search engines, online maps, and website information"",""Flexibility to work across a diverse set of task types including maps, news, audio tasks, and relevance"",""Daily access to a broadband internet connection, computer, and relevant software"",""Passing a basic qualification exam and ID verification""}"	"{}"	"{figma}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/abe2220ad2b622fbd3fa5ca96efb2fa728bbf741.jpg"
"cmnzjeu39002tdg2ewophibiq"	"ny5YZOn"	"findwork"	"Fullstack Engineer (AI Product)"	"Shapes"	"San Francisco"	"We’re building an AI chat platform where humans and AI interact in group chats, voice, and video. Small team, high ownership, ship fast. We talk to users and build things we actually use. We’re looking for a fullstack engineer to build product features end-to-end. What you’ll do: - Build and ship features across frontend and backend - Work on real-time chat, onboarding flows, and AI interactions - Own features from idea → production - Collaborate closely with design and iterate quickly Tech stack: React &#x2F; Next.js, Python, real-time systems Looking for: - Strong fullstack experience - Product mindset (you care about UX, not just code) - High agency - you move fast and take ownership Apply: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.shapes.inc"	"https://findwork.dev/ny5YZOn/fullstack-engineer-ai-product-at-shapes"		"3f34661fac21f69f8ca454f1b1a3c4c668a3baa41570bcfaf0a790517d3fe6e9"	"2026-04-15 04:15:24.883"	"2026-04-15 04:15:24.885"			"We’re building an AI chat platform where humans and AI interact in group chats, voice, and video. We are seeking a fullstack engineer to build product features end-to-end with a focus on real-time systems and user experience."		"{""Build and ship features across frontend and backend"",""Work on real-time chat, onboarding flows, and AI interactions"",""Own features from idea → production"",""Collaborate closely with design and iterate quickly""}"	"{""Strong fullstack experience"",""Product mindset (you care about UX, not just code)"",""High agency - you move fast and take ownership""}"	"{}"	"{React,Next.js,Python}"	
"cmnzjf6yh002xdg2ehsz0w3g2"	"njjBrRn"	"findwork"	"Product Designer"	"Edra"		"Edra is solving one of the hardest problems in enterprise AI: AI models are generic but company processes are specific. We build AI agents that learn how a company's operational processes actually run, and then run their operations. We're a Series A startup, backed by Sequoia and other leading VC firms, and we're growing our team in New York and London. We're a deeply technical team of engineers, AI researchers, and strategists with a high bar for talent and a shared belief that exceptional people are the foundation of everything great we'll build. We're looking for a Product Designer to shape the experiences our customers interact with every day. You'll work across the full design process–from early research and ideation through to polished, shipping designs–collaborating closely with engineering and other stakeholders. We don't have product managers, so you'll have real ownership over what gets built and why, not just how it looks. What You'll Do Own design for key product areas, taking ambiguous problems and turning them into clear, elegant solutions Conduct user research to understand needs, pain points, and how people actually use what we build Create wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity interfaces to explore and validate ideas Partner directly with engineers to bring your work to life–and iterate based on what you learn once it ships Contribute to our design system and establish patterns that scale across the product You Might be a Fit if… You have 5+ years of experience designing digital products, with a portfolio that demonstrates end-to-end product thinking (not just visual polish) You're proficient with modern design tools (Figma or equivalent) You're comfortable with ambiguity and energized by open-ended problems where the right solution isn't obvious yet You can advocate strongly for your ideas while remaining genuinely open to feedback and debate You're curious about how people use the things you build–not just whether the designs look right, but whether they actually work You have some familiarity with user research methods and front-end development constraints, even if those aren't your primary strengths Don’t meet all of the above traits? We’d still love to hear from you. We’re looking for exceptional people with unique skills and interests, and we know that great people have different backgrounds and skillsets."	"https://findwork.dev/njjBrRn/product-designer-at-edra"	"full time"	"822fcf6d2366673df57e6239c3d276ed2644f46d389cccce1c4aa7a909611df8"	"2026-04-15 04:15:41.559"	"2026-04-15 04:15:41.561"			"Edra is building AI agents that adapt to company-specific operational processes. As a Product Designer, you'll own key product areas, collaborate directly with engineers, and shape customer experiences from research to implementation in a technical startup environment."		"{""Own design for key product areas, turning ambiguous problems into clear solutions"",""Conduct user research to understand needs and usage patterns"",""Create wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity interfaces"",""Partner directly with engineers to implement and iterate designs"",""Contribute to the design system and scalable patterns""}"	"{""5+ years designing digital products with end-to-end product thinking demonstrated in a portfolio"",""Proficiency with modern design tools (Figma or equivalent)"",""Comfort with ambiguity and open-ended problem solving"",""Ability to advocate for ideas while remaining open to feedback"",""Curiosity about user behavior and solution effectiveness"",""Familiarity with user research methods and front-end development constraints""}"	"{}"	"{Figma}"	
"cmnzjfjwl0031dg2ewi8e4gai"	"nwa0BNM"	"findwork"	"Multiple Engineering Roles"	"Solace Health"	"REMOTE (US)"	"We&#x27;re hiring Typescript Engineers on all our core groups as we&#x27;re poised to double the size of our 90-person Engineering team this year. We&#x27;re Solace Health. In four years, we&#x27;ve provided free healthcare advocacy to over 225K patients on Medicare, and soon we&#x27;re opening access to everyone in the US. We exist to make sure nobody in the US has to navigate their healthcare journey alone. We hit Unicorn status after our February Series-C led by IVP, bringing us to $207M raised and a $1B valuation. Compensation and benefits are highly competitive and includes equity! Open Roles - Senior Full Stack Engineer ($150k-$200k) - Senior Backend Engineer ($150k-$200k) - Staff Software Engineer ($200k-$225k, Fullstack or Backend lean) - Technical Lead ($200k-$230k, player&#x2F;coach people managers) Tech Stack Typescript with ReactJS and NodeJS plus NestJS, PostgreSQL, GCP, SQL, TypeORM, and shadcn for our UI Library APPLY HERE https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.ashbyhq.com&#x2F;Solace?utm_source=x4QJmBQEg7 If you want to build fast with high autonomy and believe in strong typing as much as we do, we&#x27;d love to hear from you!"	"https://findwork.dev/nwa0BNM/multiple-engineering-roles-at-solace-health"		"9ac483c18d29e14b7f854d620be4dad6e17b99ef6f847a4011de9e1f8ca3a766"	"2026-04-15 04:15:58.339"	"2026-04-15 04:15:58.341"	200000	150000	"We're hiring Typescript Engineers across all core groups as we expand our 90-person Engineering team. Our mission is to provide free healthcare advocacy to patients in the US, and we're growing rapidly to achieve this goal."	"Senior Full Stack Engineer ($150k-$200k), Senior Backend Engineer ($150k-$200k), Staff Software Engineer ($200k-$225k), Technical Lead ($200k-$230k)"	"{}"	"{}"	"{equity}"	"{Typescript,ReactJS,NodeJS,NestJS,PostgreSQL,GCP,SQL,TypeORM,shadcn}"	
"cmnzjg39h0035dg2el4ylwe1t"	"nKJqpAX"	"findwork"	"Assistant Professor, Graphic Design"	"The University of Akron"	"Akron, OH"	"Job description Assistant Professor, Graphic Design The University of Akron Akron, OH 44325 The Mary Schiller Myers School of Art at The University of Akron (https://www.uakron.edu/art/) invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position for the BFA in Graphic Design program starting in August 2026. The University of Akron seeks scholars that will lead collaborations among faculty, students and community partners that address questions of well-being, public safety, and civic engagement. Required Qualifications: • MFA in Graphic Design or equivalent terminal degree • Minimum of 2–3 years of teaching experience • Demonstrated breadth of creative research or professional practice across all related graphic design areas as well as a defined expertise in one or more area such as typography, motion, interactive design, illustration, or other related field. • Ability to contribute complementary skills to the existing faculty • Multidisciplinary graphic designer with demonstrated strength in typography, ideation, and iterative design processes • Proficiency in industry-standard tools including Adobe Creative Suite and Figma • Ability to adapt to emerging technologies and integrate evolving tools and practices into teaching • Evidence of strong visual communication skills across print, digital, and/or interactive platforms Preferred Qualifications: • Coordination of undergraduate programs • Professional experience in graphic design or related fields • Experience developing undergraduate curriculum • Ability to manage budgets and supervise student workers • Willingness to support the Student Services printing lab operations • Experience with emerging and expanded design and media tools and software (beyond just InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator) such as Affinity, Sketch, Procreate, Blender, After Effects, Premier, Cavalry, TouchDesigner, 3D printers, laser cutters, vinyl cutters, among others. • Experience with motion design, video shooting/editing, interactive design, or spatial/experiential design practices • Demonstrated ability to connect professional practice to teaching and curriculum development • Teaching , Research and Service Expectations • Teach undergraduate graphic design courses across all levels of the curriculum • Participate in departmental service, committee work, and program support • Maintain a robust creative research or professional practice • Contribute to curriculum development and ongoing program assessment • Support student success through mentorship and engagement About the Myers School of Art The mission of the Myers School of Art is to prepare students to lead meaningful and healthy creative lives. As an integrated school of art and design focused on undergraduate education, Myers challenges students to communicate articulately, foster human connection, and contribute to positive social change through creative practice. The School emphasizes experiential learning, community engagement, and interdisciplinary collaboration. Students are supported in developing distinct creative voices while becoming active contributors to regional and global visual culture. About the BFA in Graphic Design Graphic Design is the largest program within the Myers School of Art and serves as a cornerstone of the School’s academic offerings. The program prepares students for careers in the expanding, multidisciplinary field of visual communication design. Application Instructions: Please include: • Curriculum Vitae • Cover Letter • Teaching Philosophy • Portfolio of Student Work • Statement of Creative Practice • Portfolio of Professional Work • List names and contact information for three professional references Application Deadline: April 29th. 2026 https://uakron.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/UACareers/details/Assistant-Professor--Graphic-Design_JR102736-1?q=JR102736 Compensation: The compensation for this position is commensurate with experience and qualifications. FLSA Status (exempt/nonexempt): United States of America (Exempt) Union Affiliation (if applicable): American Association of University Professors For assistance with your application or attachments, please contact the Human Resources representative listed: Iron Bones Email: ibones@uakron.edu ___________________________________________________________________________________________ Background Check Statement The University of Akron is committed to providing a safe environment for all students and employees. The University endeavors to protect the health, welfare and safety of all students, employees and visitors on our campus. As such, all offers of employment with The University of Akron are contingent upon verification of credentials, and satisfactory completion of a criminal background check. Some positions may require additional credit investigation and a pre-employment driving record search. Non-Discrimination Statement The University of Akron is an Equal Education and Employment Institution. View our Non-Discrimination Statement for more information. Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/veterans. State of Residence Statement It is the expectation of the University of Akron that all work performed as an employee of the University will be performed in Ohio."	"https://findwork.dev/nKJqpAX/assistant-professor-graphic-design-at-the-university-of-akron"		"bf83e0e832b8f245ab3c1cf9a3d358b6925160ac3b34b079284841ba26496847"	"2026-04-15 04:16:23.427"	"2026-04-15 04:16:23.429"			"The University of Akron seeks a tenure-track Assistant Professor for the BFA in Graphic Design program, starting in August 2026. The role involves teaching undergraduate courses, maintaining creative research, participating in departmental service, and supporting student success through mentorship and curriculum development."	"Compensation is commensurate with experience and qualifications."	"{""Teach undergraduate graphic design courses across all levels of the curriculum"",""Participate in departmental service, committee work, and program support"",""Maintain a robust creative research or professional practice"",""Contribute to curriculum development and ongoing program assessment"",""Support student success through mentorship and engagement""}"	"{""MFA in Graphic Design or equivalent terminal degree"",""Minimum of 2–3 years of teaching experience"",""Demonstrated breadth of creative research or professional practice across all related graphic design areas with a defined expertise in typography, motion, interactive design, illustration, or other related field"",""Ability to contribute complementary skills to the existing faculty"",""Multidisciplinary graphic designer with demonstrated strength in typography, ideation, and iterative design processes"",""Proficiency in industry-standard tools including Adobe Creative Suite and Figma"",""Ability to adapt to emerging technologies and integrate evolving tools and practices into teaching"",""Evidence of strong visual communication skills across print, digital, and/or interactive platforms"",""Coordination of undergraduate programs (preferred)"",""Professional experience in graphic design or related fields (preferred)"",""Experience developing undergraduate curriculum (preferred)"",""Ability to manage budgets and supervise student workers (preferred)"",""Willingness to support the Student Services printing lab operations (preferred)"",""Experience with emerging and expanded design and media tools and software such as Affinity, Sketch, Procreate, Blender, After Effects, Premier, Cavalry, TouchDesigner, 3D printers, laser cutters, vinyl cutters (preferred)"",""Experience with motion design, video shooting/editing, interactive design, or spatial/experiential design practices (preferred)"",""Demonstrated ability to connect professional practice to teaching and curriculum development (preferred)""}"	"{}"	"{""Adobe Creative Suite"",Figma,Affinity,Sketch,Procreate,Blender,""After Effects"",Premier,Cavalry,TouchDesigner,""3D printers"",""Laser cutters"",""Vinyl cutters"",indesign,illustrator,photoshop}"	
"cmnzjgmn1003adg2eiky0d46e"	"M1pAJ5Q"	"findwork"	"Content Reviewer - US"	"TELUS Digital"		"Looking for a freelance opportunity where you can make an impact on technology from the comfort of your home? If you are dynamic, tech-savvy, and always online to learn more, this part-time flexible project is the perfect fit for you! A Day in the Life of a Content Reviewer - US : In this role, you&rsquo;ll be analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other types of information for top search engines, using an online tool Through reviewing and rating search results for relevance and quality, you&rsquo;ll be helping to improve the overall user experience for millions of search engine users, including yourself. Join our team today and start putting your skills to work for one of the world's leading search engines. The estimated hourly earnings for this role are 14 USD per hour. Please note only one member per household can work on this program. If at a later stage it is identified that more than one person in your household is working on the TELUS Digital Rating Program, it will result in removal from the program. TELUS Digital AI Community Our global AI Community is a vibrant network of 1 million+ contributors from diverse backgrounds who help our customers collect, enhance, train, translate, and localize content to build better AI models. Become part of our growing community and make an impact supporting the machine learning models of some of the world&rsquo;s largest brands. Qualification path No previous professional experience is required to apply to this role, however, working on this project will require you to pass the basic requirements and go through a standard assessment process. This is a part-time long-term project and your work will be subject to our standard quality assurance checks during the term of this agreement. Basic Requirements Working as a freelancer with excellent communication skills in English Being a resident in the United States for the last 3 consecutive years and having familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in the US. Active use of Gmail and other forms of social media and experience in the use of web browsers to navigate and interact with a variety of content Daily access to a broadband internet connection, a smartphone (Android 5.0, iOS 14 or higher), and a personal computer to work on. Assessment In order to be hired into the program, you&rsquo;ll take a language assessment and an open book qualification exam that will determine your suitability for the position and complete ID verification. Don&rsquo;t worry, our team will provide you with guidelines and learning materials before your exam. You will be required to complete the exam in a specific timeframe but at your convenience! Equal Opportunity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for a contractual relationship without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. At TELUS Digital AI, we are proud to offer equal opportunities and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive community. All aspects of selection are based on applicants&rsquo; qualifications, merits, competence, and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity."	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAJ5Q/content-reviewer-us-at-telus-digital"	"contract"	"c8732283cf333ac0dc32a3a243742d6ccb30b462dc4479d148bad26b82bf7e6f"	"2026-04-15 04:16:48.538"	"2026-04-15 04:16:48.541"	29120	29120	"Freelance part-time role for a Content Reviewer analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, and images for top search engines. Responsibilities include reviewing and rating search results to improve user experience for millions of users."	"14 USD per hour"	"{""Analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other types of information for top search engines using an online tool"",""Reviewing and rating search results for relevance and quality to improve the overall user experience""}"	"{""Excellent communication skills in English"",""US resident for the last 3 consecutive years with familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in the US"",""Active use of Gmail and other forms of social media"",""Experience using web browsers to navigate and interact with a variety of content"",""Daily access to broadband internet, a smartphone (Android 5.0, iOS 14 or higher), and a personal computer"",""Pass a language assessment and an open book qualification exam"",""Complete ID verification""}"	"{}"	"{ios,android,figma}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/abe2220ad2b622fbd3fa5ca96efb2fa728bbf741.jpg"
"cmnzjh6h1003fdg2er642nnz0"	"Qg6z22n"	"findwork"	"Machine Learning Engineer, Physical AI"	"Encord"		"About us At Encord, we're building the AI infrastructure of the future. The biggest challenge AI companies face today is not half as glamorous as the outside world may think: it's all about data quality. In fact, the success of any AI application today relies on the quality of a model's training data — and for 95% of teams, this essential step is both the most costly, and the most time-consuming, in getting their product to market. As ex-computer scientists, physicists, and quants, we felt first-hand how the lack of tools to prepare quality training data was impeding the progress of building AI. AI today is what the early days of computing or the internet were like, where the potential of the technology is clear, but the tools and processes surrounding it are still primitive, preventing the next generation of applications. This is why we started Encord. We are a talented and ambitious team of 90+, working at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, backed by top investors, including CRV and Y Combinator, leading industry executives like Luc Vincent, former VP of AI at Meta, and other top Bay Area leaders in AI. We are one the fastest growing companies in our space, and consistently rated as the best tool in the market by our customers. We have big plans ahead and are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join us our ML team. The Role We are looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to help us conduct research on the state of the art of computer vision and solve multifaceted algorithmic problems. You will: Experiment with and adapt latest ML technologies to fit into existing tech stack Solve idiosyncratic statistical, geometric, and engineering problems Work closely with a full stack tech team to assist implementation of research solutions into the product Contribute to hiring additional talent to our rapidly growing team The role will be exposed to a broad tech stack (e.g. ReactJS, Python, REST & GraphQL, OpenCV, PyTorch, GCP, AWS & CUDA, Kubernetes) and the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning. Qualifications The right candidate will have a proven track record of relevant publications and previous experience managing applied research teams. Requirements for the role include: Passion for solving ML problems Strong experience in Python and machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Fast.ai , and Keras Strong experience in mathematical programming, algorithmic problem solving, and applied machine learning What We Offer Competitive salary and equity in a hyper growth startup. Real opportunities to grow. We’re growing insanely fast and you’ll have all the opportunities for growth that you can handle. Strong in person culture. We're 3-5 days a week in our newly-launched loft office in North Beach. Flexible PTO to recharge. Annual learning and development budget. 18 paid vacation days + federal holidays. Lots of opportunities for travel (all around the US, to London & Europe). Bi-annual off-sites and monthly socials. Health, dental and vision insurance. Encord offers a unique opportunity to be part of a startup with a clear mission and vision. You will get to explore and build services enterprise AI use cases across many different industry verticals such as healthcare, surveillance, retail, agriculture, and many more. Our work is at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, which also includes working on solving unsolved problems within those fields. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/Qg6z22n/machine-learning-engineer-physical-ai-at-encord"	"full time"	"e290dc06ec362010a5bdd9ea100c520cc8954e21aac198eff1c0e74b41ad0738"	"2026-04-15 04:17:14.244"	"2026-04-15 04:17:14.245"			"Encord is building AI infrastructure focused on data quality for AI applications. The Machine Learning Engineer role involves conducting research on computer vision, solving algorithmic problems, and collaborating with a full-stack team to implement solutions."	"Competitive salary and equity in a hyper growth startup"	"{""Experiment with and adapt latest ML technologies to fit into existing tech stack"",""Solve idiosyncratic statistical, geometric, and engineering problems"",""Work closely with a full stack tech team to assist implementation of research solutions into the product"",""Contribute to hiring additional talent to our rapidly growing team""}"	"{""Proven track record of relevant publications"",""Previous experience managing applied research teams"",""Passion for solving ML problems"",""Strong experience in Python and machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Fast.ai, and Keras"",""Strong experience in mathematical programming, algorithmic problem solving, and applied machine learning""}"	"{""Competitive salary and equity"",""Real opportunities to grow"",""Strong in person culture (3-5 days a week in office)"",""Flexible PTO to recharge"",""Annual learning and development budget"",""18 paid vacation days + federal holidays"",""Lots of opportunities for travel (US, London & Europe)"",""Bi-annual off-sites and monthly socials"",""Health, dental and vision insurance""}"	"{ReactJS,Python,REST,GraphQL,OpenCV,PyTorch,TensorFlow,Fast.ai,Keras,GCP,AWS,CUDA,Kubernetes,hyper}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/fd8270caf52cdd1093c290cba2176776fc6c3460.png"
"cmnzjhk1z003kdg2epdd4d9oj"	"MLrY2Zn"	"findwork"	"Payments + AI Harness"	"Cartpanda"		"We're building a new payment infrastructure where no human writes code. Every line ships through AI agents. We rely on AI harness. == What you'll do \ Architect and steer AI agents to build, test, and ship payment infrastructure\ Design prompts, workflows, and guardrails that produce production-grade code\ Own features end-to-end — from spec to deployment — without writing code yourself == What we're looking for \ Hands-on experience with agent harnesses (Claude Code, Codex, Cursor…)\ Strong software engineering judgment — you need to know what good code looks like even if you're not typing it\ Comfort with payments, fintech, or regulated systems is a plus\ Bias toward shipping == What this is not \ A traditional engineering role. You will NOT be writing code.\ A prompt engineering role. You'll be orchestrating autonomous agents across a real codebase.\ If you've been running agents in production and want to prove this model works at scale — reach out."	"https://findwork.dev/MLrY2Zn/payments-ai-harness-at-cartpanda"	"full time"	"3413a0952243c3671ae453fdd0fdbe69a9f0a9db74248b2811633ce218eba46c"	"2026-04-15 04:17:31.846"	"2026-04-15 04:17:31.847"			"Architecting AI agents to build payment infrastructure without human code, using AI harnesses to design and deploy production-grade systems."		"{""Architect and steer AI agents to build, test, and ship payment infrastructure"",""Design prompts, workflows, and guardrails that produce production-grade code"",""Own features end-to-end — from spec to deployment — without writing code yourself""}"	"{""Hands-on experience with agent harnesses (Claude Code, Codex, Cursor…)"",""Strong software engineering judgment — you need to know what good code looks like even if you're not typing it"",""Comfort with payments, fintech, or regulated systems is a plus"",""Bias toward shipping""}"	"{}"	"{""Claude Code"",Codex,Cursor,fintech,claude}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/fdd422df573f9e77279f0da5b79f0c2fcd5b52ca.png"
"cmnzjhrio003odg2ensr7ao53"	"X889bJX"	"findwork"	"Logo Designer & UI Dashboard Designer"	"Flowtelligence AI"		"Company Description: Flowtelligence AI is the labor intelligence platform that turns operations into a measurable performance improvement loop for hospitality operators. We connect forecasting, scheduling, and actuals in real time helping property managers, finance directors, and portfolio VPs make better staffing decisions with precision, not guesswork. Role Needed: Flowtelligence AI is the operating system for labor intelligence in hospitality. Our users are property GMs, finance directors, and portfolio VPs managing 1 to 130 hotels. They need clarity without paralysis. Four numbers. One view. No spreadsheets. We have a Lovable app developed, that has gotten us to this phase. Now, we're looking for a designer who works at the intersection of brand identity and UI design to bring this to life. We're seeking someone who can build a visual system that makes our app feel like a financial terminal for hotel operators, not a scheduling app for consumers. Think precision instruments, not consumer software. What You'll Deliver Phase 1: Brand & UI Foundation Logo system (primary, secondary) Basic brand guidance (typography system, color palette) UI design foundations (buttons, type pairing, component library patterns) Data visualization styles (chart types, table treatments, variance indicators) Key UI mockups (dashboard views, core workflows to test the system. Just a mockup example is fine in this phase) Phase 2: Pitch Deck Redesign Once the brand system is established, you'll have the opportunity to redesign our investor pitch deck in Google Slides, Figma Slides or PowerPoint. This deck needs to visually demonstrate that Flowtelligence is the category leader in labor intelligence. All deliverables from Phase 1 will be handed off to a development agency building the application. Your work defines how Flowtelligence looks and feels in market. What We're Looking For Your work is at the intersection of brand and product design. You've built visual identities and designed the interfaces that live inside them. Your portfolio demonstrates: Brand identity development experience — you've built complete visual systems from strategy through execution, not just logo design Data-heavy UI experience — dashboards, analytics tools, B2B SaaS, or financial interfaces Design that prioritizes clarity and precision over decoration Expert-level proficiency in Figma and Adobe Creative Suite Presentation or sales deck work that demonstrates brand application (If youre not able to do Phase 2, we can pivot to another contract. There will be plenty of work!) You can articulate design decisions in terms of user goals and technical constraints. You understand the difference between designing for operators (speed, density, clarity) versus consumers (delight, simplicity, aesthetics)."	"https://findwork.dev/X889bJX/logo-designer-ui-dashboard-designer-at-flowtelligence-ai"	"contract"	"3e29733d502bfdc9a09129bc618518941a682ef58ae9445dd72c75586ad36f09"	"2026-04-15 04:17:41.519"	"2026-04-15 04:17:41.52"			"Flowtelligence AI seeks a designer to create a brand and UI system for their labor intelligence platform, transforming it into a financial terminal-like experience for hospitality operators. The role focuses on developing visual systems and interfaces that prioritize clarity and precision for property managers and executives."		"{""Develop logo system (primary, secondary)"",""Create basic brand guidance (typography system, color palette)"",""Design UI foundations (buttons, type pairing, component library patterns)"",""Establish data visualization styles (chart types, table treatments, variance indicators)"",""Produce key UI mockups (dashboard views, core workflows)"",""Redesign investor pitch deck in Google Slides, Figma Slides, or PowerPoint""}"	"{""Brand identity development experience (complete visual systems from strategy to execution)"",""Data-heavy UI design experience (dashboards, analytics tools, B2B SaaS, financial interfaces)"",""Design prioritizing clarity and precision over decoration"",""Expert-level proficiency in Figma and Adobe Creative Suite"",""Presentation/sales deck work demonstrating brand application"",""Ability to articulate design decisions in terms of user goals and technical constraints"",""Understanding of operator vs consumer design differences (speed/density vs delight/simplicity)""}"	"{}"	"{Figma,""Adobe Creative Suite""}"	
"cmnzji3ki003sdg2ed718ddju"	"nKJq27X"	"findwork"	"DACH Growth Campaign Manager"	"Binance"		"Binance is looking to hire a DACH Growth Campaign Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Europe."	"https://findwork.dev/nKJq27X/dach-growth-campaign-manager-at-binance"	"full time"	"1b6d4e6de7f87da299badb4cf6efaa323967b6dc72167074a2854f841e40a7b4"	"2026-04-15 04:17:57.137"	"2026-04-15 04:17:57.138"			"Binance is hiring a DACH Growth Campaign Manager for a full-time remote position across Europe."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/d77f9cfd790df85cfc4a26d1564eee20cff36a29.jpg"
"cmnzjijjl003udg2e4qv1pn03"	"nYPD2bX"	"findwork"	"Content and Socials Manager (AI Native)"	"Veridise"		"Veridise is seeking a Content and Socials Manager to own the full content lifecycle across two brands: Veridise (blockchain security firm, 150+ audits, clients include RISC Zero, Succinct, Linea) and AuditHub (blockchain security platform with four proprietary verification tools). This is not a traditional content role. Our marketing team runs an AI powered Content Engine built on Claude and Claude Code. Strategic briefs go in, per channel content comes out. Your job is to operate this system, improve it, and make sure everything published is sharp and on brand. Our internal principle: “Turn any process into AI execution.” We are looking for someone who thinks about AI the same way: not as a writing assistant, but as infrastructure for an entire content operation. You will also coordinate content across four executive voices (CEO, CSO, CTO, CRO) under two distinct brand identities. Editorial instinct, brand discipline, and deep comfort with AI production tools are essential. Reports to: Head of Marketing Location: Remote (UTC+0 to UTC+3) Commitment: Full time Contract: Independent contractor, employee contract option after 3 months Evolution path: Senior Content and Socials Manager Responsibilities Own the full content lifecycle for both brands: editorial planning, production via the Content Engine, publication, and performance analysis across X/Twitter, LinkedIn, blog, newsletter, Telegram, and YouTube. Operate and improve the Content Engine. Validate outputs, iterate on prompts and modules, build new capabilities. Within 6 months, build partner content portals for external collaborators. Coordinate four executive voices into one coherent narrative across two brands. Manage editorial flow so every piece reinforces the same strategic direction. Drive distribution over production. Own amplification: cross posting, community engagement, newsletter growth, repurposing, channel optimization. Contribute to content strategy. Work with the Head of Marketing on editorial direction, campaign concepts, and content pillars. Bring ideas grounded in audience insight. Build community content relationships with ecosystem partners, clients, and technical communities. Required Qualifications 5 to 8 years of proven content and social media management experience at a tech or deep tech company, or agency serving tech clients. This is a senior role. Candidates without a demonstrated marketing track record will not be considered. End to end content operations experience: strategy, calendar, production, publication, analytics. AI native working style. You build with Claude and Claude Code , not just chat with AI. You have redesigned workflows using AI as infrastructure. Solid marketing fundamentals: positioning, audience segmentation, editorial strategy. Excellent written English. Ability to adapt tone across formats: technical blog, social, newsletter, executive ghostwriting. Experience managing content for multiple brands simultaneously. Preferred Qualifications (Nice to Have) Blockchain or Web3 industry experience. Experience coordinating executive thought leadership programs. Community building or developer relations experience. Growth Opportunity Build with AI, not just about it. Our content production runs on systems most marketing teams will not build for years. You will operate and shape them daily. Learn while you lead. Work directly with an experienced Marketing Lead who has built brands across industries and continents. Strategic collaboration, mentorship, and a clear path to Senior from day one. Join a team with real credibility. 35+ professionals, half building proprietary tools, half running audits. Research roots at UT Austin. Clients trust Veridise with billions in value locked. Put your fingerprint on everything. You are joining at the stage where the systems, the brand presence, and the audience are all being built. This is an adventure, not just a job. Work from anywhere within UTC+0 to UTC+3. Why Join Veridise? Work on cutting-edge security research in one of the most exciting areas of cryptography and blockchain technology. Join a team of experts in formal verification, security, and blockchain auditing . Flexible work environment with opportunities to publish and contribute to both academic and industry communities. Competitive salary and benefits. If you’re passionate about formal verification and security, and want to work on groundbreaking research in ZK technologies , we’d love to hear from you!"	"https://findwork.dev/nYPD2bX/content-and-socials-manager-ai-native-at-veridise"	"full time"	"8a50af57b5c21c75aac5940ab122d53f9bf844ef912c1a4edd3d4b326cb29878"	"2026-04-15 04:18:17.839"	"2026-04-15 04:18:17.841"			"Veridise seeks a Content and Socials Manager to lead AI-powered content operations for two blockchain security brands. The role involves managing an AI Content Engine built on Claude and Claude Code, coordinating four executive voices, and overseeing content across multiple channels. The ideal candidate will transform AI into infrastructure for content production and strategy."		"{""Own the full content lifecycle for both brands: editorial planning, production via the Content Engine, publication, and performance analysis across X/Twitter, LinkedIn, blog, newsletter, Telegram, and YouTube."",""Operate and improve the Content Engine. Validate outputs, iterate on prompts and modules, build new capabilities."",""Build partner content portals for external collaborators within 6 months."",""Coordinate four executive voices into one coherent narrative across two brands."",""Manage editorial flow to ensure strategic alignment across all content."",""Drive amplification: cross posting, community engagement, newsletter growth, repurposing, and channel optimization."",""Contribute to content strategy, working with the Head of Marketing on editorial direction, campaign concepts, and content pillars."",""Build community content relationships with ecosystem partners, clients, and technical communities.""}"	"{""5 to 8 years of proven content and social media management experience at a tech or deep tech company, or agency serving tech clients."",""End to end content operations experience: strategy, calendar, production, publication, analytics."",""AI native working style. You build with Claude and Claude Code, not just chat with AI. You have redesigned workflows using AI as infrastructure."",""Solid marketing fundamentals: positioning, audience segmentation, editorial strategy."",""Excellent written English. Ability to adapt tone across formats: technical blog, social, newsletter, executive ghostwriting."",""Experience managing content for multiple brands simultaneously."",""Blockchain or Web3 industry experience (preferred)."",""Experience coordinating executive thought leadership programs (preferred)."",""Community building or developer relations experience (preferred).""}"	"{""Work on cutting-edge security research in cryptography and blockchain technology."",""Join a team of experts in formal verification, security, and blockchain auditing."",""Flexible work environment with opportunities to publish and contribute to academic and industry communities."",""Competitive salary and benefits.""}"	"{Claude,""Claude Code"",blockchain,principle,web3}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/0fb787c370d314fd0f2128d3195829694b2e3ba3.jpg"
"cmnzjiyw9003zdg2ezxwh6h8v"	"MrJe6VM"	"findwork"	"Junior Risk Monitoring Analyst"	"Bitfinex"		"Bitfinex is looking to hire a Junior Risk Monitoring Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere."	"https://findwork.dev/MrJe6VM/junior-risk-monitoring-analyst-at-bitfinex"	"full time"	"6402c17a2fe44cf1c886664aeb9b18145ea128b6cc53f86a3de24c1506f0160d"	"2026-04-15 04:18:37.737"	"2026-04-15 04:18:37.737"			"Bitfinex is looking to hire a Junior Risk Monitoring Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/762715b1185f231ba1c2807fa881492b4b9f5e7e.jpg"
"cmnzjj9h90041dg2e5w414195"	"MdVL2Jn"	"findwork"	"Customer Operations Analyst (SA - 6 month FTC)"	"MoonPay"		"MoonPay is looking to hire a Customer Operations Analyst (SA - 6 month FTC) to join their team. This is a contract position that can be done remotely anywhere in South Africa."	"https://findwork.dev/MdVL2Jn/customer-operations-analyst-sa-6-month-ftc-at-moonpay"	"contract"	"aedd0af830b51e0623f782ae4c4ba5f918eef5556ca2491dec56b64f29b471ce"	"2026-04-15 04:18:51.453"	"2026-04-15 04:18:51.453"			"MoonPay is seeking a Customer Operations Analyst for a 6-month fixed-term contract position that can be performed remotely from anywhere in South Africa."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/1c0b6c94cbb37d79696e8ba9eef94f603bdf00b6.jpg"
"cmnzjjikf0043dg2e8izebceo"	"n98WgkX"	"findwork"	"Client Support Analyst"	"Ripple"	"Dublin, Ireland"	"Ripple is looking to hire a Client Support Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Dublin."	"https://findwork.dev/n98WgkX/client-support-analyst-at-ripple"	"full time"	"5015e06c21aa79639b568241a37322e4558c24798ba55bc6a714cc44f7bf65fd"	"2026-04-15 04:19:03.23"	"2026-04-15 04:19:03.231"			"Ripple is looking to hire a Client Support Analyst to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Dublin."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/29cf3e97dc6e4e4f4f66d919025965bef2ff29f7.jpg"
"cmnzjjq3r0045dg2et61uw80k"	"XWxj2On"	"findwork"	"Chief Compliance and Regulatory Officer"	"CRYPTO.com"	"Chicago, United States"	"Crypto.com is looking to hire a Chief Compliance and Regulatory Officer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Chicago IL."	"https://findwork.dev/XWxj2On/chief-compliance-and-regulatory-officer-at-cryptocom"	"full time"	"1cc47647af21102007d22f1b80b35471058961d94e9c59ca95a0f307c2f48089"	"2026-04-15 04:19:12.999"	"2026-04-15 04:19:12.999"			"Crypto.com is looking to hire a Chief Compliance and Regulatory Officer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Chicago IL."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/88f7ef2389c291551bab04c4909cb41cb87674dc.jpg"
"cmnzoj6be00136i2e40hjr87g"	"Mmj374X"	"findwork"	"Product Manager - Crypto Structured Products & Earn"	"Binance"	"Hong Kong, China"	"Binance is looking to hire a Product Manager - Crypto Structured Products & Earn to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Asia or on-site in Hong Kong, or Taipei."	"https://findwork.dev/Mmj374X/product-manager-crypto-structured-products-earn-at-binance"	"full time"	"e96b74275341fa41946b03ab12e7cdbc337d06b24641d08316492da15cfae59f"	"2026-04-15 06:38:45.432"	"2026-04-15 06:38:45.434"			"Binance is seeking a Product Manager for Crypto Structured Products & Earn to join their team. The role is full-time and can be based remotely in Asia or on-site in Hong Kong or Taipei."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{kong}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/d77f9cfd790df85cfc4a26d1564eee20cff36a29.jpg"
"cmnzjkaf20047dg2e5puowguf"	"Mmj3d4X"	"findwork"	"Head of Platform Engineering"	"Ethena Labs"		"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role As the Head of Platform Engineering, you’ll spearhead the evolution of our scalable, secure, and high-performing platform, driving the infrastructure that fuels our fast-paced startup. Reporting directly to the CTO, you’ll lead a lean team of 1-2 Senior/Intermediate DevOps Engineers and take full ownership of our platform strategy, ensuring it aligns with business objectives and empowers engineering teams. You’ll remain hands-on, contributing as a staff/principal-level engineer to write code, design architecture, and solve complex technical challenges. You’ll collaborate closely with engineering leads and senior peers across the company to advance strategic priorities, enable business growth, and deliver measurable value. Your mission is to advance our infrastructure, proactively eliminate bottlenecks, and cultivate a world-class DevOps culture What You’ll Do Conduct gap analyses to strengthen infrastructure, maintain exceptional uptime for critical systems (e.g., APIs, databases), and enhance monitoring systems (e.g., Prometheus, Datadog) to ensure rapid incident detection and resolution. Own high-priority infrastructure projects, defining clear roadmaps and fostering accountability to deliver outcomes that drive business success and enable company growth. Actively contribute as a staff/principal-level engineer, writing high-quality code, designing robust architectures, and solving complex technical problems to set a high standard for the team. Mentor and develop your team, recruit top talent, and foster a culture of collaboration, technical excellence, and continuous improvement, guided by meaningful performance metrics. Implement robust security practices (e.g., zero-trust models, DevSecOps) and ensure compliance with standards like SOC 2 and GDPR, maintaining a secure and compliant platform that supports business trust and growth. Optimise deployment pipelines to support frequent, reliable production releases and empower developers with self-service tools and standardized environments to maximize productivity and accelerate feature delivery. Partner with engineering leads and senior peers to align platform initiatives with company priorities, driving innovation, enabling new business opportunities, and adding measurable value to fuel growth. What We’re Looking For Extensive experience in platform engineering, with hands-on expertise in cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP), Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform), container orchestration (Kubernetes), and monitoring systems (Prometheus, Datadog). You’re comfortable contributing technically while leading the team. A proven ability to identify and resolve infrastructure gaps independently, anticipate challenges, and drive impactful improvements with ownership and urgency. The ability to craft and execute long-term platform strategies that align with business goals, enabling scalable growth, reducing technical debt, and adding value to the organization. Experience mentoring and scaling high-performing DevOps teams, fostering a culture of collaboration, technical growth, and continuous improvement. Experience in the cryptocurrency and centralized exchange (CEX) trading space, with a proven track record of building highly available, resilient services and architectures using tools like Kubernetes to support low-latency, high-throughput systems. Experience with trading systems is a bonus. Thrives in a fast-paced, resource-constrained environment, with a bias for action, adaptability, and a relentless focus on delivering measurable outcomes. This is a high-impact role for a leader ready to take full ownership of our platform, shape its future, and build a legacy of engineering excellence. If you’re excited to lead transformative initiatives, empower teams, and drive innovation in a crypto-focused startup while collaborating to advance company-wide goals, we want to hear from you. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"https://findwork.dev/Mmj3d4X/head-of-platform-engineering-at-ethena-labs"	"full time"	"ac43ab1fe197b9fc97358eae087f666ca9c3a34485c6c848092c7920a7a07e7c"	"2026-04-15 04:19:39.324"	"2026-04-15 04:19:39.326"			"The Head of Platform Engineering will lead Ethena Labs' infrastructure strategy, overseeing a small team to build scalable, secure systems aligned with business goals. This role involves hands-on technical leadership, mentoring, and collaboration across engineering teams to drive innovation and support the company's growth in digital financial products."		"{""Conduct gap analyses to strengthen infrastructure and maintain uptime for critical systems (e.g., APIs, databases)"",""Own high-priority infrastructure projects, defining roadmaps and fostering accountability"",""Contribute as a staff/principal-level engineer to write code, design architectures, and solve complex technical problems"",""Mentor and develop the team, recruit talent, and foster collaboration and technical excellence"",""Implement security practices (e.g., zero-trust models, DevSecOps) and ensure compliance with SOC 2 and GDPR"",""Optimize deployment pipelines and empower developers with self-service tools and standardized environments"",""Partner with engineering leads to align platform initiatives with company priorities""}"	"{""Extensive platform engineering experience with hands-on expertise in cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP)"",""Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform) and container orchestration (Kubernetes) proficiency"",""Monitoring systems experience (Prometheus, Datadog)"",""Proven ability to identify and resolve infrastructure gaps independently"",""Experience crafting long-term platform strategies aligned with business goals"",""Mentorship experience in scaling high-performing DevOps teams"",""Experience in cryptocurrency/CEX trading space with a track record of building highly available systems"",""Comfort working in fast-paced, resource-constrained environments with a bias for action""}"	"{""Flexible, remote-friendly work environment"",""Opportunities for personal growth and learning"",""Collaboration with a passionate, innovative team""}"	"{Prometheus,Datadog,Terraform,Kubernetes,AWS,GCP,cryptocurrency}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/01e1e2e6c56699162e4098ff54e086d7c9aa8b3e.jpg"
"cmnzjkqf0004cdg2el4fzzhkf"	"nZlA2WM"	"findwork"	"Senior Loan Originator"	"Ethena Labs"		"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role The Senior Loan Originator will sit within the team that manages the backing assets of USDe. This role blends traditional financial market expertise with deep proficiency in secured lending digital asset markets. The successful candidate will focus on originating overcollateralised stablecoin loans backed exclusively by tier one digital assets & RWAs. Reporting to the Head of Trading, you will drive outperformance by originating new & incremental business by building new relationships and expanding existing relationships. What You’ll Do Lead the effort to originate loans with new counterparties, meeting strategic goals to scale the total loan book that positively impacts and complements the needs of the Ethena protocol. Serve as the primary owner for Ethena’s secured lending relationships, acting as a trusted advisor to capital allocators and institutional counterparties. Champion within the trading team the potential to grow the secured lending allocation of the backing assets of USDe. Create new & exciting secured loan structures with Ethena’s many partners, from exchanges, to custodians, to brokerages, to trading firms, that fit the risk profile of the protocol to create unique product outcomes. What We’re Looking For Seasoned experience in credit risk, counterparty risk, or financial markets risk analysis. Secured lending background, most recently in digital assets issuing/originating loans with market makers/crypto-native trading firms, prime brokerage, securities financing, or leveraged institutional clients. A strong understanding of the secured lending market in the digital asset space at the institutional, CeFi, and DeFi levels. Proven ability to negotiate lending agreement terms and close complex deals in rapid succession with diverse counterparties. Strong financial and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate collateral frameworks and portfolio exposures to communicate credit views, and progress updates clearly to risk teams, investment teams, and high-net-worth stakeholders.* Comfort working in a high-trust, flat hierarchy that values asynchronous communication and independent creativity. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"https://findwork.dev/nZlA2WM/senior-loan-originator-at-ethena-labs"	"full time"	"b6f92199b8036840143fb1688c40cd0ed5d58ac7e5621b80060ccc95fef36b0a"	"2026-04-15 04:20:00.058"	"2026-04-15 04:20:00.06"			"The Senior Loan Originator will lead the origination of overcollateralized stablecoin loans backed by tier one digital assets and RWAs, building relationships with institutional counterparties to scale Ethena's loan book and support the USDe protocol's growth. Reporting to the Head of Trading, the role focuses on creating secured loan structures with partners across exchanges, custodians, and trading firms."		"{""Lead the effort to originate loans with new counterparties, meeting strategic goals to scale the total loan book"",""Serve as the primary owner for Ethena’s secured lending relationships, acting as a trusted advisor to capital allocators and institutional counterparties"",""Champion within the trading team the potential to grow the secured lending allocation of the backing assets of USDe"",""Create new & exciting secured loan structures with Ethena’s many partners, from exchanges, to custodians, to brokerages, to trading firms""}"	"{""Seasoned experience in credit risk, counterparty risk, or financial markets risk analysis"",""Secured lending background in digital assets issuing/originating loans with market makers/crypto-native trading firms, prime brokerage, securities financing, or leveraged institutional clients"",""Strong understanding of the secured lending market in the digital asset space at the institutional, CeFi, and DeFi levels"",""Proven ability to negotiate lending agreement terms and close complex deals in rapid succession with diverse counterparties"",""Strong financial and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate collateral frameworks and portfolio exposures"",""Comfort working in a high-trust, flat hierarchy that values asynchronous communication and independent creativity""}"	"{""Join a group established as one of the most successful crypto-native companies of all time"",""Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity"",""Flexible, remote-friendly work environment"",""Established opportunities for personal growth and learning""}"	"{net}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/01e1e2e6c56699162e4098ff54e086d7c9aa8b3e.jpg"
"cmnzjl6rj004hdg2e9o3cgzix"	"M3GleKM"	"findwork"	"Full Stack Developer // Pandata GmbH"	"Pandata"	"Berlin, Germany"	"Located in the vibrant heart of Berlin, Pandata provides advanced data solutions to empower companies with data and technological innovation. Our corporate clients trust us with strategy, solution design and implementation. We follow a holistic approach, covering the entire data stream from sourcing to processing and insight generation, using cutting-edge tools as well as custom solutions. We are a fast growing high performance business, built on a solid and stable foundation. We are ahead of the curve in a rapidly expanding market, which makes this an exciting time to join us. We are looking for people who want to tackle new challenges, take ownership of their work and seize this opportunity to make a personal impact. As a highly purpose-driven organization, we exempt 10% of our week from work and dedicate it to personal, non-work-related activities, aiming to fulfill our promise of personal development beyond the traditional scope of the classical business objective. As a Full Stack Developer at Pandata, you will build and maintain software products that power both our internal operations and our clients' businesses. You will collaborate closely with consultants to turn complex business needs into stable, production-ready products — from internal tooling to full client-facing applications. Tasks Design, develop and maintain full stack web and desktop applications for internal use and for clients Work closely with consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into clean, maintainable software Build production-ready products from rapid prototypes to long-running platforms Integrate AI capabilities and agent workflows into products where they create real value Own the full development lifecycle: architecture, implementation, deployment and iteration Contribute to internal tooling that improves how the whole team operates Stack Languages & Frameworks: TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js Desktop: Electron AI / Agents: AI Agent Engineering patterns, LLM integrations Database: PostgreSQL, Supabase Deployment: GCP Cloud Run, Vercel Your Profile Solid experience with TypeScript and modern full stack development (Next.js, Node.js) Experience with or strong interest in desktop app development (Electron) and AI agent engineering Strong sense of ownership — you take a feature from idea to production and care about the outcome Ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders and translate business needs into working software Comfortable working in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical environment where requirements evolve Independent working mentality, proactive attitude and an entrepreneurial mindset Solid communication skills in English Why Pandata? Build a great company and grow with us Take responsibility and have an impact from day one Develop yourself personally and professionally in a highly purpose-driven work environment Acquire a highly demanded skill-set and technical prowess by working on projects with various different data set-ups and tech stacks Work with a highly motivated and smart team, in a professional but human-centered environment Boost your learning curve through intense mentorship and feedback cycles in your first months Enjoy our superb office first culture and profit from daily breakfast, lunch, snacks, hot and cold drinks, Friday beers and a lot more (visit our office chef Josh on instagram) Join our frequent team events and weekly get-togethers Sign up for our strong company benefit program (Public transport or bike subscription, JobRad leasing, language classes, Urban Sports Club subsidization, purpose time) At Pandata we value smartness and motivation over job posting requirements. All applicants will be considered for all open roles."	"https://findwork.dev/M3GleKM/full-stack-developer-pandata-gmbh-at-pandata"	"full time"	"36a4524d3e4a071c8438f34db163841bb249d4654dd5acb5aae10acaf4b646a6"	"2026-04-15 04:20:21.244"	"2026-04-15 04:20:21.247"			"As a Full Stack Developer at Pandata, you will build and maintain software products for internal operations and clients, collaborating with consultants to translate business needs into production-ready solutions. The role involves working with cutting-edge tools and custom solutions across the full development lifecycle."		"{""Design, develop and maintain full stack web and desktop applications for internal use and for clients"",""Work closely with consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into clean, maintainable software"",""Build production-ready products from rapid prototypes to long-running platforms"",""Integrate AI capabilities and agent workflows into products where they create real value"",""Own the full development lifecycle: architecture, implementation, deployment and iteration"",""Contribute to internal tooling that improves how the whole team operates""}"	"{""Solid experience with TypeScript and modern full stack development (Next.js, Node.js)"",""Experience with or strong interest in desktop app development (Electron) and AI agent engineering"",""Strong sense of ownership — you take a feature from idea to production and care about the outcome"",""Ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders and translate business needs into working software"",""Comfortable working in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical environment where requirements evolve"",""Independent working mentality, proactive attitude and an entrepreneurial mindset"",""Solid communication skills in English""}"	"{""Exempt 10% of your week from work for personal, non-work-related activities"",""Build a great company and grow with us"",""Take responsibility and have an impact from day one"",""Develop yourself personally and professionally in a highly purpose-driven work environment"",""Acquire highly demanded skill-set and technical prowess through diverse projects"",""Work with a highly motivated and smart team in a professional but human-centered environment"",""Boost your learning curve through intense mentorship and feedback cycles in your first months"",""Enjoy superb office first culture with daily breakfast, lunch, snacks, hot and cold drinks, Friday beers"",""Join frequent team events and weekly get-togethers"",""Sign up for company benefit program (Public transport or bike subscription, JobRad leasing, language classes, Urban Sports Club subsidization, purpose time)""}"	"{TypeScript,Next.js,Node.js,Electron,""AI Agent Engineering patterns"",PostgreSQL,Supabase,""GCP Cloud Run"",Vercel,chef,gcp,node,llm}"	"https://berlinstartupjobs.com/wp-content/uploads/pandata-logo-80x80.png"
"cmnzjljfm004mdg2edoj7xsdz"	"XoARWxQ"	"findwork"	"Mandatory Internship in B2B Sales, Partner Management &amp; Operations (m/f/x) // Craftly"	"Craftly"	"Berlin, Germany"	"Craftly is an innovative e-commerce company in the DIY spirits and gifting space. We combine creativity with technology, always striving to stay one step ahead. Join our dedicated and friendly team in Berlin, Kreuzberg, and help us grow smartly and sustainably, creating memorable DIY experiences for our customers worldwide. Please note that we are only considering candidates who are available to start between June 15 and July 15. Tasks Support the B2B sales team with customer communication, quotes, and order processing. Coordinate logistics to ensure smooth shipping for wholesale customers. Plan and track deliveries, manage schedules, and liaise with external logistics partners. Analyze orders, assist with forecasting, and monitor inventory levels. Bring your own ideas to develop and implement new product concepts and improvements. Bring your ideas to optimize workflows and improve efficiency. Requirements You are a student (m/f/d) in a relevant field (e.g., Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain, Sales). The internship must be a mandatory part of your Bachelor’s or Master’s program. You have an interest in sales, logistics, production, and CRM. You are proactive, team-oriented, and a strong communicator. You have excellent German and English skills. You are comfortable with common office tools (Word, Excel, etc.) and ideally familiar with Google Workspace. Previous experience in sales is a plus. You are motivated, self-driven, and able to organize your tasks independently while taking responsibility for your results. Benefits Insight into a dynamic, international e-commerce company and its fast-paced operations. Real responsibility from day one – your work truly matters. A small, dedicated team with short decision-making paths and plenty of collaboration. Flexible working hours and the option to work from home. A modern, supportive company culture – we value working smart over working hard, foster collaboration instead of competition, and base everything on openness and respect. Opportunity for a permanent position or extended student/trainee role after your initial engagement. If you’re eager to learn, take ownership, and grow with a creative and forward-thinking team, we’d love to hear from you!"	"https://findwork.dev/XoARWxQ/mandatory-internship-in-b2b-sales-partner-management-amp-operations-mfx-craftly-at-craftly"		"002e5b798f3f1c7ca01e24a042d44a2765570cbcb607692ef5c3fd464e005488"	"2026-04-15 04:20:37.664"	"2026-04-15 04:20:37.666"					"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://berlinstartupjobs.com/wp-content/uploads/craftly-logo-80x80.jpeg"
"cmnzl09ge004sdg2ee02eobck"	"nD53KVQ"	"findwork"	"Staff Product Marketing Manager"	"Chainalysis"	"New York, United States"	"Chainalysis is looking to hire a Staff Product Marketing Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY."	"https://findwork.dev/nD53KVQ/staff-product-marketing-manager-at-chainalysis"	"full time"	"a92f5b5d6681f44fef0c018650118973dd49d18e28f23fdd81243488582d0852"	"2026-04-15 05:00:04.19"	"2026-04-15 05:00:04.19"			"Chainalysis is looking to hire a Staff Product Marketing Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/d8799bacd8dd62db5188101c03673cb98d1582fe.jpg"
"cmnzl0hz5004udg2era6udcyj"	"MNN02lM"	"findwork"	"Engineering Manager I/II, Infrastructure &amp; DevOps"	"StackAdapt"		"StackAdapt is the leading technology company that empowers marketers to reach, engage, and convert audiences with precision. With 465 billion automated optimizations per second, the AI-powered StackAdapt Marketing Platform seamlessly connects brand and performance marketing to drive measurable results across the entire customer journey. The most forward-thinking marketers choose StackAdapt to orchestrate high-impact campaigns across programmatic advertising and marketing channels. About the Team: We’re hiring an Engineering Manager to lead our Infrastructure / DevOps team, responsible for the delivery, operational health, and execution of infrastructure work that supports critical production systems across the organization. This role requires a strong technical foundation to guide decisions and support the team, but success is driven by effective prioritization, clear direction, and people leadership—rather than individual contribution. What You'll Be Doing: Lead, coach, and support a team of Infrastructure / DevOps engineers, fostering growth, sustainable workloads, and long-term engagement Own planning and delivery for the team, ensuring priorities are clear, commitments are met, and ownership is well-defined Be accountable for system reliability, incident response practices, and post-incident follow-ups that drive measurable improvements over time Provide technical oversight by reviewing designs, guiding architectural decisions, and helping the team navigate trade-offs Ensure documentation, runbooks, and operational standards are consistently maintained and evolved Act as the primary point of accountability when partnering with cross-functional teams, enabling infrastructure work that supports the broader organization What You'll Bring to the Table: Experience managing engineers in a people leadership role A background in Infrastructure, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering Hands-on experience operating production systems in AWS Strong working knowledge of Linux, Kubernetes, and containerized systems Experience with infrastructure as code, with Terraform required Comfort leading teams through incidents and operational challenges with a focus on learning and improvement StackAdapter's Enjoy: Highly competitive salary Retirement/ 401K/ Pension Savings globally Competitive Paid time off packages including birthday's off! Access to a comprehensive mental health care program Health benefits from day one of employment Work from home reimbursements Optional global WeWork membership for those who want a change from their home office and hubs in London and Toronto Robust training and onboarding program Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, books etc) Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications to support continuous learning An awesome parental leave program A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture Our social and team events! StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know. We use artificial intelligence (AI) to streamline the resume reviews of candidates and assess their fit based on the criteria outlined in the job posting. We do not use AI to make any final hiring or interview decisions. About StackAdapt We've been recognized for our diverse and supportive workplace, high performing campaigns, award-winning customer service, and innovation. We've been awarded: Ad Age Best Places to Work 2024 G2 Top Software and Top Marketing and Advertising Product for 2024 Campaign’s Best Places to Work 2023 for the UK 2024 Best Workplaces for Women and in Canada by Great Place to Work® #1 DSP on G2 and leader in a number of categories including Cross-Channel Advertising To learn more about our privacy practices, please see our . #LI-REMOTE"	"https://findwork.dev/MNN02lM/engineering-manager-iii-infrastructure-amp-devops-at-stackadapt"		"46b79f1d4f0587bb4804f1052e98d6c018654c79346891a674764d1753952275"	"2026-04-15 05:00:15.231"	"2026-04-15 05:00:15.233"			"The Engineering Manager will lead the Infrastructure/DevOps team, focusing on system reliability, team leadership, and cross-functional collaboration to support critical production systems. Responsibilities include planning, technical oversight, and fostering team growth."	"Highly competitive salary"	"{""Lead, coach, and support a team of Infrastructure/DevOps engineers, fostering growth, sustainable workloads, and long-term engagement"",""Own planning and delivery for the team, ensuring priorities are clear, commitments are met, and ownership is well-defined"",""Be accountable for system reliability, incident response practices, and post-incident follow-ups that drive measurable improvements over time"",""Provide technical oversight by reviewing designs, guiding architectural decisions, and helping the team navigate trade-offs"",""Ensure documentation, runbooks, and operational standards are consistently maintained and evolved"",""Act as the primary point of accountability when partnering with cross-functional teams, enabling infrastructure work that supports the broader organization""}"	"{""Experience managing engineers in a people leadership role"",""Background in Infrastructure, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering"",""Hands-on experience operating production systems in AWS"",""Strong working knowledge of Linux, Kubernetes, and containerized systems"",""Experience with infrastructure as code, with Terraform required"",""Comfort leading teams through incidents and operational challenges with a focus on learning and improvement""}"	"{""Retirement/401K/Pension Savings globally"",""Competitive Paid time off packages including birthday's off"",""Comprehensive mental health care program"",""Health benefits from day one of employment"",""Work from home reimbursements"",""Optional global WeWork membership"",""Robust training and onboarding program"",""Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, books etc)"",""Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications"",""Awesome parental leave program""}"	"{AWS,Linux,Kubernetes,Terraform,node}"	
"cmnzl1869004zdg2e0jq9ax2a"	"QP1V26M"	"findwork"	"CX Video Content Design Intern (Summer 2026)"	"Dropbox"		"Role Description We’re looking for a Video Content Design Intern to support the creation and maintenance of customer-facing educational videos. In this role, you’ll work closely with content designers, multimedia partners, and cross-functional stakeholders to help update, organize, and publish video tutorials and learning content across Dropbox’s education platforms. You’ll contribute to projects that keep our video library accurate, easy to navigate, and helpful at scale. This is a hands-on opportunity to learn how educational content is planned, produced, reviewed, and maintained for a global audience. You’ll gain experience working within established production workflows while developing your video editing, visual storytelling, and project coordination skills. In our Virtual First work culture, you’ll connect with with Dropboxers virtually and in - person to build the foundation of a strong professional network. As a Summer intern, you will also have the opportunity to attend our Emerging Talent Summit, w here participants from our intern and early-career programs come together in person to build lasting relationships, explore learning and development opportunities, and prepare for their career journey ahead. For Summer 202 6 , we offer two start dates culminating in a 12-week internship: May 26 - August 14, 2026 June 30 - Sep 18, 2026 Responsibilities Support the creation, updating, and publishing of educational video and multimedia content Assist with scripting, editing, organizing, and preparing learning assets for multiple platforms and distribution surfaces Learn and follow established production workflows, templates, and best practices Help maintain and organize a centralized library of customer education content, including updates and review cycles Participate in content reviews and incorporate feedback from cross-functional stakeholders Support content quality, consistency, and scalability initiatives, including basic audits to identify outdated or duplicate assets Assist with tracking content performance and engagement, contributing to insights that inform future improvements Requirements Currently pursuing a degree or a recent graduate in Multimedia, Communications, Film, Design, Marketing, Education, or a related field completed by Spring 2028 Interest in content creation, visual storytelling, and digital media Basic experience creating video or digital content through coursework, personal projects, or internships Familiarity with video or social platforms such as YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, or similar Understanding of how titles, thumbnails, and descriptions influence video engagement Curiosity about how AI tools or automation can support content creation workflows Strong attention to detail, clear communication skills, and ability to learn and follow established guidelines Preferred Qualifications Experience editing video using tools such as Adobe Premiere Pro, including basic cuts, audio cleanup, and exporting Experience creating screen recordings or instructional videos using tools like Loom or similar Familiarity with preparing content for review and publication Comfort using collaboration and project management tools Interest in contributing ideas to improve video clarity, engagement, or organization Compensation Compensation Canada Pay Range $1 — $1 CAD"	"https://findwork.dev/QP1V26M/cx-video-content-design-intern-summer-2026-at-dropbox"		"be9c27128e1e4bf4a035c733cab1fc5bd7cae73a176a6ee81cc16bde08253094"	"2026-04-15 05:00:49.183"	"2026-04-15 05:00:49.185"			"The Video Content Design Intern will support the creation and maintenance of customer-facing educational videos, collaborating with content designers and stakeholders to update, organize, and publish tutorials across Dropbox’s education platforms. This role offers hands-on experience in video editing, visual storytelling, and project coordination within established workflows."	"Compensation Canada Pay Range $1 — $1 CAD"	"{""Support the creation, updating, and publishing of educational video and multimedia content"",""Assist with scripting, editing, organizing, and preparing learning assets for multiple platforms and distribution surfaces"",""Learn and follow established production workflows, templates, and best practices"",""Help maintain and organize a centralized library of customer education content, including updates and review cycles"",""Participate in content reviews and incorporate feedback from cross-functional stakeholders"",""Support content quality, consistency, and scalability initiatives, including basic audits to identify outdated or duplicate assets"",""Assist with tracking content performance and engagement, contributing to insights that inform future improvements""}"	"{""Currently pursuing a degree or a recent graduate in Multimedia, Communications, Film, Design, Marketing, Education, or a related field completed by Spring 2028"",""Interest in content creation, visual storytelling, and digital media"",""Basic experience creating video or digital content through coursework, personal projects, or internships"",""Familiarity with video or social platforms such as YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, or similar"",""Understanding of how titles, thumbnails, and descriptions influence video engagement"",""Curiosity about how AI tools or automation can support content creation workflows"",""Strong attention to detail, clear communication skills, and ability to learn and follow established guidelines""}"	"{}"	"{YouTube,Instagram,TikTok,""Adobe Premiere Pro"",Loom,spring}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Dropbox"
"cmnzl1uld0054dg2eyepu72ps"	"n2YvywX"	"findwork"	"Senior Director, Product Management"	"Yugabytedb"		"At Yugabyte , we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads. Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte. Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands. Senior Director of Product Management As a Senior Director of Product Management, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping the future of YugabyteDB’s Cloud offerings - Yugabyte Aeon. You'll lead the roadmap, development, and enhancement of Aeon’s features, ensuring they meet the evolving needs of our customers and the broader market. Your work will directly impact the user experience, distribution, partnerships, and growth of YugabyteDB Aeon, reinforcing YugabyteDB leadership in the distributed database space. What You'll Do Lead Cloud Product Development: Drive Cloud features, our commercial portfolio (pricing, plans, BYOC offering), deepening our Cloud ecosystem integration, expanding our distribution through CSP marketplaces Customer-Centric Innovation: Engage with customers to gather feedback, understand pain points, and identify opportunities for product improvement. Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with engineering, marketing, sales, and support teams to align product strategies and ensure successful feature rollouts. Market Analysis: Stay abreast of industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging technologies to inform product decisions. Data-Driven Decision Making: Utilize analytics and user feedback to prioritize features and enhancements that deliver maximum value. What Will You Need to Have Data systems SaaS Experience: You’ve taken database, or similar infrastructure data systems, to market as a SaaS platform; have a deep understanding of the ins and outs of working with CSPs technical and commercial ecosystem Technical Expertise: Strong background in computer science or a related field, with a deep understanding of databases, storage systems, and distributed architectures. Product Management Experience: Proven track record in product management, with experience in both inbound (product development) and outbound (go-to-market) activities. Exceptional Communication Skills: Ability to articulate complex technical concepts to diverse audiences, including customers, engineers, and executives. Impactful Leadership: Demonstrated success in leading the development of substantial features or products that have significantly impacted customers and/or business outcomes. Customer Focus: A strong commitment to understanding and addressing customer needs, ensuring that product decisions are aligned with user requirements. Extra Great If You Have Experience with PostgreSQL/SQL databases Previous experience working on products for developers and operators alike We feel strongly about equal pay for equal work, and transparency in compensation is one way to help achieve that. The cash compensation for this role is market competitive, with a range of $255,000–$300,000 USD OTE . As well as equity (when applicable), and benefits including health plans, retirement plans, and unlimited paid time off (PTO). The pay range for this position is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. The actual pay will vary based on factors including experience, qualifications, and skill level. Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization. #LI-Remote Equal Employment Opportunity Statement : As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit Yugabyte Privacy Notice ."	"https://findwork.dev/n2YvywX/senior-director-product-management-at-yugabytedb"		"9c83065ab194ee2e070b9bfb2eece414ef73457e1a6ae89be2b48920d86647f2"	"2026-04-15 05:01:18.239"	"2026-04-15 05:01:18.241"	300000	255000	"The Senior Director of Product Management will lead the development and roadmap of YugabyteDB’s Cloud offerings (Yugabyte Aeon), ensuring features meet customer and market needs. Responsibilities include driving cloud features, customer engagement, cross-functional collaboration, market analysis, and data-driven decision-making to enhance product strategy and growth."	"$255,000–$300,000 USD OTE"	"{""Lead Cloud Product Development: Drive Cloud features, commercial portfolio (pricing, plans, BYOC offering), ecosystem integration, and distribution through CSP marketplaces."",""Customer-Centric Innovation: Gather feedback, identify pain points, and prioritize product improvements based on customer needs."",""Cross-Functional Collaboration: Align product strategies with engineering, marketing, sales, and support teams for successful feature rollouts."",""Market Analysis: Monitor industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging technologies to inform product decisions."",""Data-Driven Decision Making: Use analytics and user feedback to prioritize features and enhancements.""}"	"{""Data systems SaaS Experience: Proven track record in taking database or infrastructure data systems to market as a SaaS platform, with CSP ecosystem expertise."",""Technical Expertise: Strong background in computer science, databases, storage systems, and distributed architectures."",""Product Management Experience: Demonstrated success in both inbound (product development) and outbound (go-to-market) activities."",""Exceptional Communication Skills: Ability to explain technical concepts to diverse audiences (customers, engineers, executives)."",""Impactful Leadership: History of leading features/products with significant customer/business impact."",""Customer Focus: Commitment to aligning product decisions with user requirements.""}"	"{""Market competitive cash compensation with equity (when applicable)."",""Health plans, retirement plans, and unlimited paid time off (PTO).""}"	"{postgresql,oracle,sql}"	
"cmnzl272f0059dg2echn3ivjs"	"XlLZYvX"	"findwork"	"AI/ML Engineer"	"SEEKING"	"Auburn AL → SF/Seattle/NYC/Remote"	"4 yrs production GenAI: AWS Bedrock RAG (92% recall, HIPAA), LangGraph multi-agent copilots shipped to prod, QLoRA&#x2F;LLaMA 2 fine-tuning, LangChain&#x2F;LlamaIndex, Python, Docker&#x2F;K8s. Co-author ACL 2024 (healthcare AI). MS Data Science UNT 2024. Currently ML Research Scientist @ Auburn (multi-agent VLMs). Open to: Applied Scientist &#x2F; ML Eng &#x2F; GenAI Eng &#x2F; AI Eng"	"https://findwork.dev/XlLZYvX/aiml-engineer-at-seeking"		"bc0a1ef8121a52d746f0b4565e8437e756029bbffb8d1d320b0540663ff6b04c"	"2026-04-15 05:01:34.405"	"2026-04-15 05:01:34.407"			"Experienced ML Research Scientist with expertise in GenAI, AWS Bedrock RAG, LangGraph multi-agent systems, and QLoRA/LLaMA 2 fine-tuning. Co-authored ACL 2024 healthcare AI research and holds an MS in Data Science from UNT 2024. Currently researching multi-agent VLMs at Auburn."		"{""Design and implement GenAI solutions using AWS Bedrock RAG with 92% recall and HIPAA compliance"",""Develop and deploy LangGraph multi-agent copilots to production"",""Execute QLoRA/LLaMA 2 fine-tuning for domain-specific applications"",""Implement LangChain/LlamaIndex for knowledge management systems"",""Containerize ML workflows using Docker/K8s for production deployment""}"	"{""MS in Data Science (UNT 2024) with healthcare AI specialization"",""Proven track record in GenAI research (ACL 2024 co-author)""}"	"{}"	"{""AWS Bedrock"",LangGraph,QLoRA,""LLaMA 2"",LangChain,LlamaIndex,Python,Docker,K8s,genai,aws,rag}"	
"cmnzl2tvm005ddg2e9n3havln"	"XoARaxQ"	"findwork"	"Remote Customer Support - $20/hr - United States"	"Remote Talent Cloud"		"========== IMPORTANT! Please use this link to apply: ➡️ https://remotetalentcloud.com/apply/ ========== Description: As a Customer Support Specialist , you&rsquo;ll play a key role in ensuring our clients&rsquo; customers receive top-notch support. Your main responsibilities will include: Responding to customer inquiries via phone, email, and/or chat Providing fast, friendly, and professional assistance Troubleshooting product and service issues to find optimal solutions Maintaining detailed and accurate records of customer interactions Staying up to date on client products, services, and policies to provide accurate information Collaborating with teammates and sharing feedback to continuously improve the customer experience Requirements: We&rsquo;re looking for highly motivated individuals with a customer-first attitude and the ability to work independently. The ideal candidate will have: This is a fully remote position, but you must be located within the United States Fluent in speaking, writing, and reading the English language A reliable Internet connection and computer A positive, professional attitude and a passion for helping others The ability to work independently in a distraction-free home office Previous customer support experience is a plus, but not required Why Apply: Fully remote: work from anywhere within the United States Full-time and part-time available Competitive hourly pay from $20/hr How to Apply: Please use this link to apply: https://remotetalentcloud.com/apply/"	"https://findwork.dev/XoARaxQ/remote-customer-support-20hr-united-states-at-remote-talent-cloud"	"contract"	"a96f1dbbae3fcf32a025c84da4f81d205bd36fdc52dc5e78615698de3dd0a4e4"	"2026-04-15 05:02:03.968"	"2026-04-15 05:02:03.97"	41600	41600	"As a Customer Support Specialist, you'll play a key role in ensuring our clients’ customers receive top-notch support. Your main responsibilities will include responding to customer inquiries via phone, email, and/or chat, troubleshooting product and service issues, maintaining detailed records of interactions, and collaborating with teammates to improve the customer experience."	"$20/hr"	"{""Responding to customer inquiries via phone, email, and/or chat"",""Providing fast, friendly, and professional assistance"",""Troubleshooting product and service issues to find optimal solutions"",""Maintaining detailed and accurate records of customer interactions"",""Staying up to date on client products, services, and policies to provide accurate information"",""Collaborating with teammates and sharing feedback to continuously improve the customer experience""}"	"{""Fully remote position, but you must be located within the United States"",""Fluent in speaking, writing, and reading the English language"",""A reliable Internet connection and computer"",""A positive, professional attitude and a passion for helping others"",""The ability to work independently in a distraction-free home office"",""Previous customer support experience is a plus, but not required""}"	"{""Fully remote: work from anywhere within the United States"",""Full-time and part-time available""}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/377d1374d05b3cd4270382b71fb3c332e56a4010.jpg"
"cmnzojj1a00166i2ei4qfz0v7"	"nZlAGWM"	"findwork"	"Podcast Ops Associate (3-Month Contract)"	"Eigen Labs"	"San Francisco, United States"	"Eigen Labs is looking to hire a Podcast Ops Associate (3-Month Contract) to join their team. This is a contract position that is based in San Francisco CA."	"https://findwork.dev/nZlAGWM/podcast-ops-associate-3-month-contract-at-eigen-labs"	"contract"	"135b0c1516341194dae633e218301d332bcdef89da7606fa7d892f0557c531f0"	"2026-04-15 06:39:01.916"	"2026-04-15 06:39:01.918"			"Eigen Labs is seeking a Podcast Ops Associate for a 3-month contract based in San Francisco, CA. The role involves supporting podcast operations and day-to-day tasks."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/fae1dc78fcd19c2e945cbeed2bca00285fdf97bc.jpg"
"cmnzl3ho1005idg2efiq9no9i"	"Xq2y4wn"	"findwork"	"Engineering Manager (Analytics Product)"	"Greenhouse Software"	"REMOTE (Ontario or BC, Canada)"	"Greenhouse is the company dedicated to making hiring work for everyone. We help over 7,000 companies meet their hiring goals, and over a million job seekers find their next job with our MyGreenhouse product. The Role: We&#x27;re looking for a hands-on Engineering Manager to lead our Data Experience team of 7. This team owns our full user-facing reporting and analytics product. It&#x27;s a high-impact role where you&#x27;ll lead the strategy for how our customers visualize and interact with their hiring data at scale. Our Tech Stack: Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, TypeScript, React. Requirements: - 5+ years of experience as a product-focused full-stack software engineer; 1+ year of people management experience. - Deep understanding of RESTful API design principles and distributed system architecture - Demonstrated proficiency in modern programming languages&#x2F;frameworks (preferably Ruby&#x2F;Rails, JS, TS, React) - Demonstrated ability to manage cross functional collaboration with Product and Design - Demonstrated knowledge of SDLC fundamentals Compensation: National pay range: $142,700 - $214,100 CAD If you&#x27;re interested, please apply directly through the job posting: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;grnh.se&#x2F;jmara1dr1us"	"https://findwork.dev/Xq2y4wn/engineering-manager-analytics-product-at-greenhouse-software"		"6fa52b202f4821f93accb7d349e8a59054c48e1b62c1c58e359146697ebd81d3"	"2026-04-15 05:02:34.799"	"2026-04-15 05:02:34.801"	214100	142700	"We're seeking an Engineering Manager to lead our Data Experience team of 7, responsible for user-facing reporting and analytics. This role involves shaping the strategy for how customers visualize and interact with hiring data at scale."	"$142,700 - $214,100 CAD"	"{""Lead our Data Experience team of 7"",""Lead the strategy for how customers visualize and interact with their hiring data at scale""}"	"{""5+ years of experience as a product-focused full-stack software engineer; 1+ year of people management experience"",""Deep understanding of RESTful API design principles and distributed system architecture"",""Demonstrated proficiency in modern programming languages/frameworks (preferably Ruby/Rails, JS, TS, React)"",""Demonstrated ability to manage cross functional collaboration with Product and Design"",""Demonstrated knowledge of SDLC fundamentals""}"	"{}"	"{""Ruby on Rails"",JavaScript,TypeScript,React,restful,rails,ruby}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Greenhouse-Software"
"cmnzl40b0005ndg2evwv4d2nz"	"XRL7dkQ"	"findwork"	"Customer Success Manager (Tech Startup)"	"Rankbreeze"		"Role Overview: We&rsquo;re looking for a motivated Customer Success Manager to help our growing team scale our product support. You&rsquo;ll be key in supporting new & existing customers with your product expertise and ensuring their property listings perform optimally. If you enjoy helping customers learn software products, coordinating between teams, managing timelines, and constantly improving processes, this role is for you! This position is ideal for someone who&rsquo;s tech-savvy, thrives in fast-paced environments, and is passionate about delivering high-quality service experiences. This role is set as a long-term independent contractor position. Key Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Scalable Customer Onboarding & Success: Guide new customers through a seamless onboarding process with our software platform, setting them up for success. Ongoing Customer Support: Act as the main point of contact for customers, addressing questions about software and services as the product expert, while maintaining high customer satisfaction. Project Coordination: Coordinate bug reports and feature requests between operations, support, and development teams. Manage timelines and coordinate efforts between teams of writers, editors, and customers to ensure smooth execution of services. Service Management: Oversee ongoing professional services for listing optimization to ensure client satisfaction and maximum revenue generation. Process Improvement: Identify ways to improve project workflows and service processes, contributing to overall efficiency and customer success. Performance Monitoring: Regularly analyze and report on customer performance metrics, ensuring consistent improvements and identifying growth opportunities. Smart Support Optimization : Utilize AI to enhance response efficiency without losing the personal touch that drives customer satisfaction. We&rsquo;re Looking For Someone Who Has/Is: Minimum 1 year in customer service, ideally in a startup or technology environment. Familiarity with Airbnb and the vacation rental market. Tech-savvy, proficient in using support software and quick to learn new tools and systems. Forward-thinking, intuitive, and action-oriented. Detail-oriented, highly organized, with strong project management skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously. Strong problem-solving abilities and a customer-focused mindset Personable with exceptional communication skills (written, verbal, and in video). Able to thrive in a fast-paced, demanding startup environment. Fluent in English. Why Rankbreeze? Be part of a growing Canadian tech company with a global reach. Work in a flexible, remote environment. Enjoy continuous opportunities for professional growth. Benefits of Joining Our Team Growth opportunities Remote work environment Collaborative and fun team Public holidays off Vacation accommodation benefits How to Apply: Answer all the questions within this job posting. Include the word &ldquo;banana&rdquo; as part of your response in a fun & unique way. This helps us understand that you&rsquo;ve read this section before applying. Submit your resume, a cover letter explaining your interest and suitability for the role, and any relevant work samples or references. Submit pre-interview answers here: https://www.videoask.com/fcw4rxyq4 We&rsquo;d love to hear from you! Join Rankbreeze and help our team unlock their full potential."	"https://findwork.dev/XRL7dkQ/customer-success-manager-tech-startup-at-rankbreeze"		"48640d483ab0eedf4a8c607a608ebd75a09baacfa0dd9b5c02e0b1f0d279891c"	"2026-04-15 05:02:58.955"	"2026-04-15 05:02:58.956"			"We’re seeking a Customer Success Manager as a long-term independent contractor to scale product support, onboard new customers, and ensure optimal performance of property listings. The role involves coordinating between teams, managing timelines, and improving processes in a fast-paced tech environment."		"{""Guide new customers through a seamless onboarding process with our software platform, setting them up for success."",""Act as the main point of contact for customers, addressing questions about software and services as the product expert, while maintaining high customer satisfaction."",""Coordinate bug reports and feature requests between operations, support, and development teams."",""Manage timelines and coordinate efforts between teams of writers, editors, and customers to ensure smooth execution of services."",""Oversee ongoing professional services for listing optimization to ensure client satisfaction and maximum revenue generation."",""Identify ways to improve project workflows and service processes, contributing to overall efficiency and customer success."",""Regularly analyze and report on customer performance metrics, ensuring consistent improvements and identifying growth opportunities."",""Utilize AI to enhance response efficiency without losing the personal touch that drives customer satisfaction.""}"	"{""Minimum 1 year in customer service, ideally in a startup or technology environment."",""Familiarity with Airbnb and the vacation rental market."",""Tech-savvy, proficient in using support software and quick to learn new tools and systems."",""Forward-thinking, intuitive, and action-oriented."",""Detail-oriented, highly organized, with strong project management skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously."",""Strong problem-solving abilities and a customer-focused mindset."",""Personable with exceptional communication skills (written, verbal, and in video)."",""Able to thrive in a fast-paced, demanding startup environment."",""Fluent in English.""}"	"{""Growth opportunities"",""Remote work environment"",""Collaborative and fun team"",""Public holidays off"",""Vacation accommodation benefits""}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/25b89671b83242de71e3988d08edf14ac53b08cd.jpg"
"cmnzl4fws005sdg2e8iy1fhji"	"njjB2Rn"	"findwork"	"Graphic/Motion Designer"	"StagePilot"		"StagePilot is adding a designer with strong narrative and motion skills to our Nashville team. You’ll work with our producers and directors to create graphics packages for high profile livestreams, and you’ll design and animate StagePilot’s production reels, product demos, social graphics and website graphics. StagePilot’s clients are some of the most recognized names in entertainment and expect the absolute highest level of creativity, professionalism and discretion. You’ll collaborate closely with StagePilot’s directors, producers and project managers and will be in direct communication with clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are a must. Applicants must submit a link to an online portfolio with relevant work samples to be considered for this position. Responsibilities Design and animate on-screen graphics packages for livestreams and video series Design and animate graphics for StagePilot’s website, production reels and socials Contribute to concept and design development for prospective clients and projects Collaborate with directors to incorporate animated assets into live productions Meet deadlines. Everything we do is connected to an event with a schedule full of deadlines. Required skills and experience 3+ years professional experience with graphic design and 2D motion design or broadcast design Ability to work with varying design aesthetics for different artists, creators and clients Expert Photoshop, After Effects and Premiere skills Excellent file and workflow management skills Video editing and/or color grading experience is a plus Experience with Twitch, YouTube and IG/TT live is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent time and project management skills A love of music, streaming and live events is key to every role at StagePilot! About StagePilot Whether on StagePilot's platform, Twitch, YouTube, socials or beyond, we imagine, produce and host the internet’s most loved livestreams. Clients ranging from Justin Bieber and Charli XCX to PlaqueBoyMax, Amazon and Twitch have trusted us to stream from over 20 countries on 6 continents to millions and millions of fans. Our projects are regularly acknowledged by the Clio, Webby and Telly awards for creative and production excellence. Team members enjoy all the benefits you’d expect from a modern company, including: An incredible group of experienced coworkers Health, dental, and vision insurance Access to health, legal and other support services Generous PTO Matching 401k with 100% vesting on day one"	"https://findwork.dev/njjB2Rn/graphicmotion-designer-at-stagepilot"	"full time"	"e40051f06d8bb3ce77fc1de5dd59d106e63c92d1d109d2820359f047ad69572f"	"2026-04-15 05:03:19.179"	"2026-04-15 05:03:19.18"			"StagePilot is seeking a designer with strong narrative and motion skills to create graphics for high-profile livestreams and digital assets. The role involves collaborating with directors and producers to deliver creative, professional, and discreet work for top entertainment clients."		"{""Design and animate on-screen graphics packages for livestreams and video series"",""Design and animate graphics for StagePilot’s website, production reels, and socials"",""Contribute to concept and design development for prospective clients and projects"",""Collaborate with directors to incorporate animated assets into live productions"",""Meet deadlines for event-connected projects""}"	"{""3+ years professional experience with graphic design and 2D motion design or broadcast design"",""Ability to work with varying design aesthetics for different artists, creators, and clients"",""Expert Photoshop, After Effects, and Premiere skills"",""Excellent file and workflow management skills"",""Video editing and/or color grading experience is a plus"",""Experience with Twitch, YouTube, and IG/TT live is a plus"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills"",""Excellent time and project management skills"",""A love of music, streaming, and live events""}"	"{""Health, dental, and vision insurance"",""Access to health, legal, and other support services"",""Generous PTO"",""Matching 401k with 100% vesting on day one""}"	"{Photoshop,""After Effects"",Premiere}"	
"cmnzl517b005xdg2ecaykr8pg"	"ny5YWOn"	"findwork"	"Copyeditor"	"J &amp; P Co. Inc."		"As a Copyeditor at J & P, you will play a crucial role in ensuring all our written content is clear, consistent, and of the highest quality. From marketing materials to project documentation, your work will directly impact how we communicate with our clients, partners, and the broader public. The ideal candidate will have a keen eye for detail, a strong command of grammar, and a passion for producing polished and professional content. Key Responsibilities: - Edit and proofread a variety of documents, including website copy, marketing materials, technical documents, project proposals, press releases, and social media posts. - Ensure all content is clear, concise, and grammatically correct, while maintaining the company's brand voice and tone. - Collaborate with the marketing and project teams to ensure all written content aligns with company goals and messaging. - Fact-check and verify technical content for accuracy, ensuring compliance with industry standards and regulations. - Improve the readability and flow of documents, ensuring they are tailored to the intended audience. - Maintain consistency in style, format, and terminology across all written materials. - Assist in developing style guides, templates, and editorial guidelines for internal use. - Support ongoing content creation by providing feedback and suggestions for improvement during the drafting process. ustomer needs."	"https://findwork.dev/ny5YWOn/copyeditor-at-j-amp-p-co-inc"	"contract"	"5f3737cfe27ce1ee308fbc0df15f6c89967a64653d6ded2af53ec4b97c4b71dc"	"2026-04-15 05:03:46.774"	"2026-04-15 05:03:46.775"			"As a Copyeditor at J & P, you will ensure all written content is clear, consistent, and of the highest quality. Your role involves editing and proofreading diverse materials while maintaining the company's brand voice and collaborating with teams to align content with company goals."		"{""Edit and proofread a variety of documents, including website copy, marketing materials, technical documents, project proposals, press releases, and social media posts."",""Ensure all content is clear, concise, and grammatically correct, while maintaining the company's brand voice and tone."",""Collaborate with the marketing and project teams to ensure all written content aligns with company goals and messaging."",""Fact-check and verify technical content for accuracy, ensuring compliance with industry standards and regulations."",""Improve the readability and flow of documents, ensuring they are tailored to the intended audience."",""Maintain consistency in style, format, and terminology across all written materials."",""Assist in developing style guides, templates, and editorial guidelines for internal use."",""Support ongoing content creation by providing feedback and suggestions for improvement during the drafting process.""}"	"{""Keen eye for detail"",""Strong command of grammar"",""Passion for producing polished and professional content""}"	"{}"	"{}"	
"cmnzok2pa00186i2eh9f1soy3"	"Q4qNwqM"	"findwork"	"Technical Project Manager, Trading Operations"	"Nascent"		"The Opportunity Nascent is building at the frontier of AI-native trading. Our ability to capture edge is gated by how fast we can get new venues live. As a Technical Project Manager for Trade Operations, you will own execution of exchange onboarding, brokerage integration, and vendor coordination — the work that determines whether our strategies can trade. This is not a role for tracking tickets or running standups. You will drive complex work from zero, coordinating across engineering, operations, and external counterparties to reach operational readiness on timelines that matter. You sit at the intersection of technical systems and external stakeholders, navigating the messy reality of exchange connectivity — KYC/KYB workflows, API integrations, prime brokerage relationships, and unstructured dependencies that come with bringing a venue online. You will build tools and use AI to eliminate manual coordination. The team is small, the autonomy is real, and you are accountable for outcomes, not process. If you need structure handed to you, this is not the role. This is a high-leverage position for someone who operates well in ambiguity and wants direct impact on a trading firm’s ability to deploy capital. If you have worked in trade operations and wished you could redesign the workflows yourself — with AI, custom tooling, and no bureaucracy — this is that role. This role is fully remote and operates within +/- 3 hours of EST. What You’ll Do Own the full lifecycle of exchange onboarding – from initial application and KYC/KYB through API connectivity testing to production go-live – ensuring the firm can trade on new venues as fast as operationally possible. Coordinate across engineering, operations, compliance, and counterparties to remove blockers and drive integrations to completion. Manage relationships with exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, and vendors, ensuring they deliver on timelines. Build internal tooling, dashboards, and automated workflows — including AI/LLM systems — to track progress, surface blockers, and reduce manual work. Create repeatable processes for operational work that lacks playbooks, adding structure without adding overhead. Evaluate and integrate vendors for operational infrastructure, prioritizing speed and technical fit over process. Identify and resolve operational risks early — across exchange requirements, regulatory changes, and integration timelines. Work directly with traders and engineers to translate operational needs into technical requirements that support trading. About You You have personally onboarded exchanges or built trading infrastructure — you know what it takes to go from zero to live. You do not wait for instructions. You see gaps and close them. You have a genuine AI-native mindset – you’re actively building with LLMs, AI agents, or automation tools to multiply your own output. You measure success by whether the firm can trade, not by whether a plan was followed. You are technically fluent and comfortable discussing APIs, data flows, and system design. You operate well in ambiguity and prefer building playbooks to inheriting them. You have strong judgment managing external stakeholders and know when to push or find workarounds. Required Experience 4–6 years of experience in technical operations, trading ops, or adjacent roles, with a track record of owning workflows, improving systems, and driving work forward with minimal direction Hands-on experience with exchange onboarding, trade operations implementation, or trading infrastructure buildout. Demonstrated ability to coordinate complex, dependency-heavy work across engineering, operations, and external parties. Track record of managing exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, or vendors and driving them to deliver. Active use of AI/LLM tools to automate workflows or accelerate operations, with concrete examples. Proven ability to operate independently in low-structure environments and set your own priorities. Nice-to-Have’s Experience at a prop trading firm, market maker, or crypto-native trading operation. Familiarity with FIX protocol, exchange APIs, or market microstructure. Experience with regulatory or compliance workflows tied to exchange access. Experience building internal tooling or automating workflows with code, no-code, or AI agents. About Nascent Founded in 2020, Nascent exists to build, expand, and capture opportunity, in open markets and permissionless technologies. Building from a base of permanent capital, we deploy assets across a range of both liquid and long-term strategies that ensure we are among the most active users of the open financial system we are helping to build. We’ve backed 100+ early-stage teams that we believe can change markets and expand what’s possible. At Nascent, we combine venture + market pedigree with product-grade engineering to turn research into revenue: experiments that ship fast, are evaluated rigorously, and move P&L. We focus on models, low-latency infrastructure, and resilient systems that compound performance over time. Our Team & Culture At Nascent, we are an interdisciplinary team of investors, builders & creators, capable of achieving more together than we can as individuals. We offer the opportunity to contribute to building the future global economic system with a world-class team and culture that pairs the freedom to explore, experiment & play with a competitive drive to win. We invest in our people by providing the autonomy to build, coupled with accountability & honest feedback to help learn, grow, perform & win. Our distributed team understands the value of in-person time—we encourage team members to come together for more frequent in-person work. Principles that Drive our Team & Work Compete to win Explore, experiment, play Always be building Seek and speak truth Own your shit. What We Offer At Nascent, we offer a competitive total compensation package heavily weighted toward bonus, ensuring that when we perform at our best and the firm wins we all win. The opportunity to learn, experiment and build in an entrepreneurial environment Remote and distributed working environment Comprehensive health benefits package including dental, vision, and life 16 weeks fully paid parental leave & supported return to work Home office setup and stipend or coworking space and wellness stipend Retirement plan matching contributions Open vacation policy as well as flexible work hours and location Team activities and in-person team retreats We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity and differences of perspectives. We do not discriminate on the basis of any status, inclusive of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Compensation Range: $130K - $160K"	"https://findwork.dev/Q4qNwqM/technical-project-manager-trading-operations-at-nascent"	"full time"	"a0b8d55284cb1caed046aaa3cbc3befa5186e489655d4399f8d48dea9bfdb071"	"2026-04-15 06:39:27.404"	"2026-04-15 06:39:27.406"	160000	130000	"Nascent is seeking a Technical Project Manager for Trade Operations to own the execution of exchange onboarding, brokerage integration, and vendor coordination. The role requires driving complex work from zero, coordinating across engineering, operations, and external stakeholders to ensure operational readiness for trading strategies."	"$130K - $160K"	"{""Own the full lifecycle of exchange onboarding – from initial application and KYC/KYB through API connectivity testing to production go-live – ensuring the firm can trade on new venues as fast as operationally possible."",""Coordinate across engineering, operations, compliance, and counterparties to remove blockers and drive integrations to completion."",""Manage relationships with exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, and vendors, ensuring they deliver on timelines."",""Build internal tooling, dashboards, and automated workflows — including AI/LLM systems — to track progress, surface blockers, and reduce manual work."",""Create repeatable processes for operational work that lacks playbooks, adding structure without adding overhead."",""Evaluate and integrate vendors for operational infrastructure, prioritizing speed and technical fit over process."",""Identify and resolve operational risks early — across exchange requirements, regulatory changes, and integration timelines."",""Work directly with traders and engineers to translate operational needs into technical requirements that support trading.""}"	"{""4–6 years of experience in technical operations, trading ops, or adjacent roles, with a track record of owning workflows, improving systems, and driving work forward with minimal direction."",""Hands-on experience with exchange onboarding, trade operations implementation, or trading infrastructure buildout."",""Demonstrated ability to coordinate complex, dependency-heavy work across engineering, operations, and external parties."",""Track record of managing exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, or vendors and driving them to deliver."",""Active use of AI/LLM tools to automate workflows or accelerate operations, with concrete examples."",""Proven ability to operate independently in low-structure environments and set your own priorities.""}"	"{""Competitive total compensation package heavily weighted toward bonus."",""Remote and distributed working environment."",""Comprehensive health benefits package including dental, vision, and life."",""16 weeks fully paid parental leave & supported return to work."",""Home office setup and stipend or coworking space and wellness stipend."",""Retirement plan matching contributions."",""Open vacation policy as well as flexible work hours and location."",""Team activities and in-person team retreats."",""Equal opportunity employer with diversity and inclusion policies.""}"	"{llm}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/151f451ce4715d4fea373c27de45673048b66f7e.jpg"
"cmnzl534f0061dg2ejmazdeyw"	"X8890JX"	"findwork"	"Graphic Artist"	"BespokeBeautyBrands"		"About Us We are a Los Angeles-based cosmetics company looking for a talented Graphic Artist to join our creative team. If you love beauty, branding, and great design — we want to hear from you. The Role As a Graphic Artist, you will create visual content for our brand across packaging, digital marketing, social media, and print. You will work closely with our marketing and product development teams to bring creative concepts to life. What You'll Do Design packaging, labels, and product visuals for cosmetic products Create graphics for social media, email campaigns, and digital ads Develop marketing materials, including banners, flyers, and promotional assets Maintain brand consistency across all visual touchpoints Collaborate with the marketing and product teams on creative direction What We're Looking For Minimum 3 years of professional graphic design experience Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) Strong eye for typography, color, and layout Experience in beauty, cosmetics, or consumer products is a plus Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines Schedule & Location This is a full-time position based in Los Angeles, CA. The schedule is hybrid — 3 days onsite and 2 days work from home. How to Apply Please submit your resume and portfolio. Applications without a portfolio will not be considered. We are an equal opportunity employer."	"https://findwork.dev/X8890JX/graphic-artist-at-bespokebeautybrands"	"full time"	"c48bf3f1a7145f0b0a8b667b62c2e8d7f16a2ee17562e309ee4ebce9a0f34e24"	"2026-04-15 05:03:49.261"	"2026-04-15 05:03:49.263"					"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{illustrator,photoshop,indesign}"	
"cmnzofjrw00006i2emeimtcbx"	"nJRwarn"	"findwork"	"Inside Sales - Account Executive"	"Credit Wellness LLC"		"About Us We are a financial services start up focusing on improving consumer credit profiles. We are currently seeking KPI driven sales representatives looking to earn up to 90K while working remotely. We offer comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching to help you meet your financial goals. During our training period we offer a guaranteed training stipend while our trainees are acclimating to the position (*see weekly pay below). If you are a seasoned sales professional looking for the autonomy of a remote position combined with great compensation, we want to hear from you! Compensation This role is 100% commission based. We also offer competitive, performance based bonuses regularly. Training Period - During the first 5 weeks of contracted work we offer a guaranteed training stipend of $1000 (US) or the higher commission. Team members receive whichever amount is greater. Post Training Period: Average first year OTE: 40K-60K (US) Annually Top Rep first year OTE:70K-90K (US) Annually *The above is the average pay you can expect, however, there is unlimited earning potential for those who are financially motivated top performers looking to exceed sales targets. What will you be doing? Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit. We are looking for team members who are: Tech savvy with the ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, google sheets, etc. Our team uses these digital tools daily. Growth oriented and always looking to learn and acquire new skills. Autonomous self starters who can work independently and efficiently. Team players with the ability to implement feedback from their sales coaches. Patient and professional with clients. Finances can be a difficult topic for some clients to discuss. We are looking for individuals who showcase empathy and professionalism especially under pressure! Financially motivated individuals who can meet and exceed sales targets. Outgoing with outstanding rapport building and active listening skills. Can you carry a conversation with anyone? This may be for you! You will need: Home office or a quiet place to work. Strong internet connection. Desktop or laptop ( *Please Note: Devices such as Chromebooks, IPADs and laptops with 8G&rsquo;s of RAM and under will have issues supporting our system) Scheduling Training: The schedule for the first four weeks of our training period is 10 AM - 6 PM EST. *The first week of training is mandatory for all new trainees. If a day is missed you may be asked to restart the first week of training. Post Training: We are currently seeking representatives to work on the following schedule: Tuesday - Saturday (Or) Sunday - Thursday Shift hours to be discussed with our hiring manager based on our company's needs at the time of hire. Shifts are as follows: 7:30 AM - 3:30 PM EST 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM EST 9:30 AM - 5:30 PM EST 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM EST 11:30 AM - 7:30 PM EST 12:30 PM - 8:30 PM EST 1:30 PM - 9:30 PM EST 2:30 PM - 10:30 PM EST 3:00 PM - 11:00 PM EST"	"https://findwork.dev/nJRwarn/inside-sales-account-executive-at-credit-wellness-llc"	"contract"	"c9dbd3a1afa7bb44ae650c35cb75c236191f72a39de3999023315fafb64c1f90"	"2026-04-15 06:35:56.241"	"2026-04-15 06:35:56.252"	40000	1000	"We are seeking remote sales representatives to educate clients on credit standing and enroll them in services. Ideal candidates are tech-savvy, self-driven, and motivated to meet sales targets."	"100% commission based with performance bonuses. Training stipend of $1000 (US) or higher commission during first 5 weeks. Average first year OTE: $40K-$60K; Top Rep first year OTE: $70K-$90K."	"{""Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit.""}"	"{""Tech savvy with ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, google sheets, etc."",""Home office or quiet place to work"",""Strong internet connection"",""Desktop or laptop (Chromebooks, IPADs and laptops with 8GBs of RAM and under are not supported)"",""Available to work training schedule: 10 AM - 6 PM EST for first four weeks (first week mandatory)"",""Available to work post-training shifts: Tuesday - Saturday or Sunday - Thursday with specific shift hours to be discussed.""}"	"{""Guaranteed training stipend of $1000 (US) or higher commission during first 5 weeks"",""Comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching"",""Competitive, performance based bonuses regularly""}"	"{SLACK,""CRM software"",""Google Sheets""}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/83193de65823c42bd79f981bb5946662a3c90a86.jpg"
"cmnzoftsc00056i2e0fszub32"	"n5ZrG1Q"	"findwork"	"Backend Software Engineer"	"Rainbow Insurance"	"Hybrid (2 days on-site in San Francisco)"	"Job Requirements: - 5+ years of professional experience as a software engineer - Experience in fintech is an optional but major plus - Familiarity with our tech stack (Golang, React through a Next.js app, GraphQL, PostgreSQL) is beneficial but not required Why You’d Enjoy Working with Us: - You&#x27;re joining a small fast paced team: 12 engineers, 40 people total - Direct impact on solving real-world problems for small businesses - Hybrid work model with 2 days on-site in SF - Competitive salary and benefits You can also visit our site to learn more: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.userainbow.com&#x2F;about"	"https://findwork.dev/n5ZrG1Q/backend-software-engineer-at-rainbow-insurance"		"4733eb0a8a0c6d096a1e9c3a73029b7f1132acfe17f7cf61968ee16187f4fc22"	"2026-04-15 06:36:09.225"	"2026-04-15 06:36:09.228"			"Join a small, fast-paced team of 12 engineers to directly impact real-world solutions for small businesses through a hybrid work model."		"{}"	"{""5+ years of professional experience as a software engineer"",""Experience in fintech is an optional but major plus"",""Familiarity with our tech stack (Golang, React through a Next.js app, GraphQL, PostgreSQL) is beneficial but not required""}"	"{""Hybrid work model with 2 days on-site in SF""}"	"{Golang,React,Next.js,GraphQL,PostgreSQL,fintech}"	
"cmnzogjxi000a6i2efyeg3hd2"	"nD53AVQ"	"findwork"	"Senior UI/UX Designer"	"Rabyte Technologies Co.,Ltd."		"🚀 We’re hiring a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of our core AI-powered financial products and drive the global user experience for overseas markets. 💰 Compensation: 30,000 – 50,000 RMB/month * 14th-month+ salary 🎯 You will: Own end-to-end UI/UX design for our AI+Fintech platform (web & mobile) Lead the internationalization (i18n) design strategy, adapting UX for overseas users Collaborate closely with AI engineers and product managers to turn complex financial data into intuitive interfaces Build and maintain a scalable design system and component library Drive user research and iterate based on data insights 🔍 You have: 5+ years of UI/UX design experience, with a strong portfolio in Fintech, AI products, or SaaS platforms Overseas study or work experience (North America, Europe, Singapore, etc.) Fluency in English as a working language (able to collaborate in cross-cultural teams) Mastery of Figma, Adobe Suite, and design system creation A data-informed, user-centric mindset with strong communication skills 🌟 Bonus points if you: Have experience launching a global product from 0 to 1 Speak an additional language (Korean, Spanish, Japanese, etc.) Use AIGC tools (MidJourney, Runway, etc.) in your design workflow 📩 How to apply: Send your resume & portfolio (include Fintech or AI projects, plus overseas product cases) to: rabytehr@rabyte.cn 📝 Subject line: Senior UI/UX Designer – [Name] – [Location] Please note: Applications without a portfolio will not be considered."	"https://findwork.dev/nD53AVQ/senior-uiux-designer-at-rabyte-technologies-coltd"	"full time"	"7df57f085e7bd12b3699a215317b6d3a72cfccb1d914b690a59d45d18ffa6d32"	"2026-04-15 06:36:43.108"	"2026-04-15 06:36:43.11"	600000	360000	"We’re hiring a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of our core AI-powered financial products and drive the global user experience for overseas markets. The role involves end-to-end UI/UX design, internationalization strategy, and collaboration with AI engineers and product managers to create intuitive financial interfaces."	"30,000 – 50,000 RMB/month * 14th-month+ salary"	"{""Own end-to-end UI/UX design for our AI+Fintech platform (web & mobile)"",""Lead the internationalization (i18n) design strategy, adapting UX for overseas users"",""Collaborate closely with AI engineers and product managers to turn complex financial data into intuitive interfaces"",""Build and maintain a scalable design system and component library"",""Drive user research and iterate based on data insights""}"	"{""5+ years of UI/UX design experience, with a strong portfolio in Fintech, AI products, or SaaS platforms"",""Overseas study or work experience (North America, Europe, Singapore, etc.)"",""Fluency in English as a working language (able to collaborate in cross-cultural teams)"",""Mastery of Figma, Adobe Suite, and design system creation"",""A data-informed, user-centric mindset with strong communication skills"",""Have experience launching a global product from 0 to 1"",""Speak an additional language (Korean, Spanish, Japanese, etc.)"",""Use AIGC tools (MidJourney, Runway, etc.) in your design workflow""}"	"{}"	"{Figma,""Adobe Suite"",MidJourney,Runway,fintech}"	
"cmnzokh88001d6i2e2ckrbkfc"	"nvDOx2M"	"findwork"	"Member of People Operations (US)"	"Anchorage Digital"		"Anchorage Digital is looking to hire a Member of People Operations (US) to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States."	"https://findwork.dev/nvDOx2M/member-of-people-operations-us-at-anchorage-digital"	"full time"	"bc0a2d3d873db07093e5cd99524ecb82792b8130f2e283812462cb3d4201999a"	"2026-04-15 06:39:46.23"	"2026-04-15 06:39:46.232"			"Anchorage Digital is looking to hire a Member of People Operations (US) to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in the United States."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/41555a45e1fa86d262d956931972b6c4ca8dddb5.jpg"
"cmnzoh6gp000f6i2eaiieailu"	"MAdBjlQ"	"findwork"	"Lead Product Designer"	"Goody"		"Goody is hiring a Lead Product Designer who has an excellent visual eye and is motivated by building delightful products. Work directly with our designer founder and lead design for a product used at Google, Stripe, Anthropic, Notion, and more. Remote (US & Canada) Salary range: $200K–$250K + equity ✦ Goody is a gifting platform that makes personal and professional gifting easy — no address needed. We help people celebrate milestones, recognize achievements, close deals, and make clients feel valued through thoughtful gifts that make people’s days. Founded 6 years ago, our product is used by Google, Stripe, Meta, Anthropic, Notion, NBCUniversal, DHL, and others. Despite being something everyone does, gifting is one of the areas of commerce yet to be disrupted, and our mission is to capture that market opportunity and spread joy and positivity. And with Goody being co-founded by a designer, we view design as absolutely central to our mission. You’ll be working on a product where the goal is delight. We spend a lot of time crafting how each screen affects the emotional experience. We worked with XYZ Type for a custom typeface. You’ll have deep ownership over projects that impact the success of our company. You'll work directly with me, the co-founder, CTO, and Head of Product, to deliver designs end-to-end that have a massive impact on our company. You’ll have an opportunity to design the product that wins this market. We're the leader in UI/UX in the gifting space. We want to extend that lead with your expertise. What you’ll do Design user interfaces and experiences for Goody’s responsive web application, including the sender experience (ecommerce and SaaS) and recipient gift experience Since product and design are inextricably interlinked, collaborate with product to evolve product direction based on findings in the design process Understand user needs through feedback, testing, research, and gathering information from users and stakeholders Evolve Goody’s design language to changing needs and new feature development Explore ways to integrate AI/ML in non-BS, actually useful ways This is an IC, non-management role, so you can focus on creating Who you are 5+ years of experience in product design, with a portfolio showcasing fresh, creative work for web and mobile that incorporates fun and delight Top 5% visual talent, with both a good eye and the skills to execute Experienced in the main gameplay loop of design, namely exploring the option space and iterating until something hits. You should be used to doing that and creating new avenues to explore and iterate, to ultimately arrive at the most harmonious design Growth mindset and an ability to take constructive feedback and thrive in a no-ego culture Familiarity with ecommerce is a plus US or Canada only What we offer Fully remote company with opportunities to meet in person, such as regional meetups and our annual company offsite. Base salary range of $200K – $250K USD plus stock options We offer benefits and perks to our employees including but not limited to: comprehensive medical plans, including vision and dental, flexible PTO, paid parental leave, 401K, $500/year education stipend, $100/month wellness stipend, and (of course!) lots of gifts."	"https://findwork.dev/MAdBjlQ/lead-product-designer-at-goody"	"full time"	"78d98ff7643e0136f690c512c39e3d6dd1ac085833c1cff9ec2a2315f13cc386"	"2026-04-15 06:37:12.309"	"2026-04-15 06:37:12.313"	250000	200000	"Goody is seeking a Lead Product Designer to lead the design of a gifting platform used by major companies like Google and Stripe. The role emphasizes creating delightful user experiences and driving product innovation in a remote (US & Canada) environment."	"$200K–$250K + equity"	"{""Design user interfaces and experiences for Goody’s responsive web application, including the sender experience (ecommerce and SaaS) and recipient gift experience"",""Collaborate with product to evolve product direction based on findings in the design process"",""Understand user needs through feedback, testing, research, and gathering information from users and stakeholders"",""Evolve Goody’s design language to changing needs and new feature development"",""Explore ways to integrate AI/ML in non-BS, actually useful ways"",""Work directly with the co-founder, CTO, and Head of Product to deliver designs end-to-end""}"	"{""5+ years of experience in product design, with a portfolio showcasing fresh, creative work for web and mobile that incorporates fun and delight"",""Top 5% visual talent, with both a good eye and the skills to execute"",""Experienced in the main gameplay loop of design, namely exploring the option space and iterating until something hits"",""Growth mindset and an ability to take constructive feedback and thrive in a no-ego culture"",""Familiarity with ecommerce is a plus"",""US or Canada only""}"	"{""Fully remote company with opportunities to meet in person, such as regional meetups and annual company offsite"",""Base salary range of $200K – $250K USD plus stock options"",""Comprehensive medical plans, including vision and dental"",""Flexible PTO"",""Paid parental leave"",401K,""$500/year education stipend"",""$100/month wellness stipend"",""Lots of gifts""}"	"{""XYZ Type"",anthropic}"	
"cmnzohjfu000k6i2ekhiifl00"	"Mb9WJZQ"	"findwork"	"Member of Technical Staff — Product"	"naïve"		"About naïve Naïve is an autonomous company builder — we let businesses deploy AI employees to crearte/run entire companies. We're backed by Y Combinator, Softbank (DEEPCORE), and more. We're looking for someone who can lead product + get hands dirty shipping. What You'll Do Work directly with the CEO to define product strategy, roadmap, and priorities Lead the product and engineering team — set direction, unblock execution, raise the bar Build full-stack across Next.js + TypeScript (frontend) and Python / FastAPI (backend) Own product launches end-to-end — from spec to build to GTM Talk to customers constantly and translate product analytics / feedback loops into product decisions Drive quality: UX, performance, reliability, and velocity The Role This isn't a PM role with a separate eng team. You build. You lead. You own the outcome. You'll be the connective tissue between vision and execution — defining what we build, why, and making sure it ships well. Must-Haves High Agency Based in Europe Strong full-stack engineering (Next.js, TypeScript, Python) Prior experience leading product at an early-stage startup — 0→1 at minimum once Ability to context-switch between writing code and making product calls in the same day Real LLM experience — tool use, agentic systems, structured outputs Strong product instincts and taste Nice-to-Haves Ex-founder or technical co-founder background Experience shipping developer-facing or AI-native products Multi-agent systems or agent orchestration experience Familiarity with agent runtimes, MCP, or autonomous workflow tooling"	"https://findwork.dev/Mb9WJZQ/member-of-technical-staff-product-at-naive"	"full time"	"e3801ea1c069287929ab4430fedec86951f46b7943010ede79845775aa764ff9"	"2026-04-15 06:37:29.127"	"2026-04-15 06:37:29.13"			"Naïve is an autonomous company builder deploying AI employees to create and run businesses. We seek a leader to define product strategy, lead engineering, and ship full-stack solutions."		"{""Work directly with the CEO to define product strategy, roadmap, and priorities"",""Lead the product and engineering team — set direction, unblock execution, raise the bar"",""Build full-stack across Next.js + TypeScript (frontend) and Python / FastAPI (backend)"",""Own product launches end-to-end — from spec to build to GTM"",""Talk to customers constantly and translate product analytics / feedback loops into product decisions"",""Drive quality: UX, performance, reliability, and velocity""}"	"{""High Agency"",""Based in Europe"",""Strong full-stack engineering (Next.js, TypeScript, Python)"",""Prior experience leading product at an early-stage startup — 0→1 at minimum once"",""Ability to context-switch between writing code and making product calls in the same day"",""Real LLM experience — tool use, agentic systems, structured outputs"",""Strong product instincts and taste""}"	"{}"	"{Next.js,TypeScript,Python,FastAPI,LLM,""agentic systems"",""structured outputs"",""agent runtimes"",MCP,""autonomous workflow tooling""}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/06af5d16e9099ea20940c7e2eeb917bb2f11454a.png"
"cmnzohvie000o6i2enyantchm"	"QGpJbvM"	"findwork"	"Founding Engineer / Technical Cofounder"	"VozParking"	"Netherlands / Europe / REMOTE"	"VozParking is an early-stage mobility startup focused on helping drivers make faster, clearer parking decisions under pressure. This is not meant to replace Google Maps or Waze. It’s a parking decision layer that sits on top of navigation tools, with voice as an important part of the interaction model to reduce phone use while driving. Current stage: early prototype exists core product logic is clear next milestone is a usable, testable MVP Looking for: a genuinely hands-on founding engineer &#x2F; technical cofounder strong builder mindset comfortable across product + engineering interested in real-world interaction, systems, and usability challenges wants to build long-term, not freelance or advisory-only"	"https://findwork.dev/QGpJbvM/founding-engineer-technical-cofounder-at-vozparking"		"017b136c7f3c018aefe21c1b70480b19a9222a2db759fa7e7a32a9cdff6212b0"	"2026-04-15 06:37:44.772"	"2026-04-15 06:37:44.774"			"VozParking seeks a hands-on founding engineer/technical co-founder to build a voice-driven parking decision layer that integrates with navigation tools. The role involves developing a testable MVP focused on real-world interaction, systems, and usability challenges."		"{""Build a usable, testable MVP of the core product"",""Solve real-world interaction, systems, and usability challenges"",""Work across product and engineering domains"",""Commit to long-term development (not freelance/advisory)""}"	"{""Hands-on technical co-founder mindset"",""Builder orientation with cross-functional product/engineering skills"",""Interest in real-world systems and usability challenges"",""Comfort with voice interaction and mobility domain"",""Long-term commitment to the startup""}"	"{}"	"{}"	
"cmnzoipnd000s6i2eyzpvt0s7"	"XzZb19X"	"findwork"	"AI Automation &amp; Architecture Lead"	"Kogan.com"		"AI Automation & Architecture Lead This is not a standard AI role. Work for a major eCommerce player in Australia. This is a remote role, but you have the flexibility to visit the office regularly and spend time on-site. Relocation support and visa sponsorship can be provided for the right person. Are you an AI visionary who can vibe code at the speed of thought? Do you live and breathe autonomous agents, process optimization, and the bleeding edge of LLM capabilities? At Kogan.com, we are looking for an elite AI specialist to become our internal evangelist and lead our artificial intelligence transformation. Reporting directly to the CEO and CTO, you will have a unique mandate: work on top-priority special projects at the executive level, while simultaneously partnering with every department across the business to ruthlessly optimise our operations. We aren't just looking for someone who can write ChatGPT prompts. We need an architect who can deploy highly autonomous ""God-Mode"" agents (like OpenClaw, OpenHands, N8N and CrewAI) securely within a massive e-commerce infrastructure. If you know how to build multi-agent swarms, implement strict security sandboxes, and want to shape the future of Australia's leading retail pioneer, we want you on the team. What you&rsquo;ll be doing: Serving as Kogan.com&rsquo;s AI Evangelist, driving adoption and innovation across the entire organization. Working one-on-one with the CEO/CTO on high-impact, special projects to give us an unfair competitive advantage. Rapidly prototyping and deploying production-ready software using AI-assisted ""vibe coding."" Architecting and deploying autonomous agents (OpenClaw, OpenHands, LangGraph) to automate complex workflows in supply chain, marketing, and customer service. Designing Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) workflows to ensure AI bots have appropriate guardrails and approval gates before executing high-stakes production tasks. Connecting AI agents securely to our e-commerce stack, ERPs, CRM, and internal databases. What you'll need: Strong foundation in computer science, systems architecture, and API integrations. Proven experience with the absolute latest AI automation tools, multi-agent frameworks, and advanced workflow builders (n8n, Make.com). Deep understanding of AI security protocols, containerization (Docker), and permission allowlists to protect enterprise data from prompt injections and rogue agent behavior. Strong commercial awareness of LLM API costs to prevent resource drain and optimize token usage. A relentless passion for AI and a habit of staying three steps ahead of industry trends. Apply now and help us build the future of retail. Why Kogan.com: You will have direct access to executive decision-making, real scale, and the freedom to build. This is an opportunity to define how AI is actually used inside one of Australia&rsquo;s leading digital retailers, not just experiment on the sidelines. Our culture is unlike anywhere else and regardless of where you are in your career journey, we empower you to do your best work and have a big impact. Check out https://devblog.kogan.com/ and https://goodteams.app/engineering/kogan.com . Work with an incredible team to solve important challenges, helping to drive Australia and New Zealand&rsquo;s eCommerce future. Your role has a lot of ownership, autonomy and little red tape. You&rsquo;ll be empowered to achieve positive outcomes and your work will have a real impact. You&rsquo;ll be at the forefront of the eCommerce industry and be part of a company that are the Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia. Be an Intrepreneur, playing a hands on role in shaping our strategy at our HQ. A range of employee benefits such as; Meaningful Learning budget. Complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering) and extensive career development opportunities plus loads more! About Us: AI-enabled. Human-driven. Shipping smarter every day. Kogan.com is a pioneer of Australian eCommerce. Our vision is to use and build technology to deliver personalised, innovative and fast customer experiences. We are pragmatic in our solutions, scalable in our architecture, strong on quality and not afraid to fail fast. As a team, we are empowered to make change, share our views and build each other&rsquo;s capability. We see where AI is heading and we are building towards it. We keep testing, learning and embedding new capabilities into our stack where they add value. It supports our engineers to move faster, make better decisions and focus on solving the right problems, increasing their impact. The software we build, including www.kogan.com , is used by millions of customers, so this role has real impact. You will be a key member of a fast paced, independent and ambitious team, working across the full tech stack. We believe in using and building technology to improve the online shopping experience, and we are driven by seeing our software shipped to production every day."	"https://findwork.dev/XzZb19X/ai-automation-amp-architecture-lead-at-kogancom"		"b9f25455f318521ed00aa78140474c3a5bc72e8076105585fe55f62a19bcd7f5"	"2026-04-15 06:38:23.831"	"2026-04-15 06:38:23.833"	150000	120000	"Kogan.com, a leading Australian eCommerce company, seeks an AI Automation & Architecture Lead to drive AI adoption and innovation across the organization. The role involves working directly with the CEO and CTO on high-impact projects while deploying autonomous agents to optimize operations. The position offers remote flexibility with on-site options and relocation support."	"$120,000 - $150,000 per year"	"{""Serving as Kogan.com’s AI Evangelist, driving adoption and innovation across the entire organization."",""Working one-on-one with the CEO/CTO on high-impact, special projects to give us an unfair competitive advantage."",""Rapidly prototyping and deploying production-ready software using AI-assisted 'vibe coding'."",""Architecting and deploying autonomous agents (OpenClaw, OpenHands, LangGraph) to automate complex workflows in supply chain, marketing, and customer service."",""Designing Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) workflows to ensure AI bots have appropriate guardrails and approval gates before executing high-stakes production tasks."",""Connecting AI agents securely to our e-commerce stack, ERPs, CRM, and internal databases.""}"	"{""Strong foundation in computer science, systems architecture, and API integrations."",""Proven experience with the absolute latest AI automation tools, multi-agent frameworks, and advanced workflow builders (n8n, Make.com)."",""Deep understanding of AI security protocols, containerization (Docker), and permission allowlists to protect enterprise data from prompt injections and rogue agent behavior."",""Strong commercial awareness of LLM API costs to prevent resource drain and optimize token usage."",""A relentless passion for AI and a habit of staying three steps ahead of industry trends.""}"	"{""Direct access to executive decision-making and real scale."",""Freedom to build and define AI usage in a leading retail pioneer."",""Meaningful Learning budget."",""Complimentary Kogan First Membership."",""Team exclusive discounts."",""Health & Wellness program."",""Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns."",Hackathons.,""Team member referral program."",""Company and team events and celebrations."",""Community engagement (volunteering)."",""Extensive career development opportunities.""}"	"{OpenClaw,OpenHands,LangGraph,N8N,CrewAI,Docker,ERPs,CRM,prototyping,llm}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Kogan.com"
"cmnzoiweh000x6i2ezm2kw8vb"	"M3GlpKM"	"findwork"	"Lead Product Manager"	"Gemini"	"New York, United States"	"Gemini is looking to hire a Lead Product Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA."	"https://findwork.dev/M3GlpKM/lead-product-manager-at-gemini"	"full time"	"ba5d443a9431dd0c9eae2c9a8cf405b2769a8ac9d51b0568a7bf2c14ee80ac76"	"2026-04-15 06:38:32.583"	"2026-04-15 06:38:32.585"			"Gemini is looking to hire a Lead Product Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{gemini}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/f7f4701d089a85298f4ad0eae225564f6adca442.jpg"
"cmnzoix9z00106i2ephc3hlo0"	"MBjm51M"	"findwork"	"Product Manager, Stablecoins"	"BitGo"	"Singapore, Singapore"	"BitGo is looking to hire a Product Manager, Stablecoins to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Singapore."	"https://findwork.dev/MBjm51M/product-manager-stablecoins-at-bitgo"	"full time"	"da88d35a2b929f7f04c0cc6d38445d821b90ca4fefa565ec0109e8b481a4cf20"	"2026-04-15 06:38:33.717"	"2026-04-15 06:38:33.719"					"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/a8d29fb8250a4ba841ed769b233b031aff7567ab.jpg"
"cmnzokid6001f6i2eezyvej8e"	"MdVLemn"	"findwork"	"Multiple Roles"	"Farmer Sam LLC"		"We build AI-powered agricultural tools through the Claude Partner Network. Team holds CCA certification. Looking for people who want founding equity in a small, remote-first company doing real work at the intersection of agtech and LLMs. Roles: Full-Stack Engineer, ML&#x2F;AI Engineer, Agricultural Data Scientist, Business Development Stack: Claude API, Python, React, geospatial data pipelines."	"https://findwork.dev/MdVLemn/multiple-roles-at-farmer-sam-llc"		"66231e8f013143a3c6c32e3e126b25e42ec82a76330d3c9e4dae8fc0b90e95e7"	"2026-04-15 06:39:47.705"	"2026-04-15 06:39:47.706"			"Building AI-powered agricultural tools through the Claude Partner Network. Remote-first company seeking individuals interested in founding equity for roles in agtech and LLMs."		"{}"	"{}"	"{""Founding equity"",""Remote-first work environment""}"	"{""Claude API"",Python,React,claude}"	
"cmnzokv62001j6i2en4j75orp"	"n98WZkX"	"findwork"	"Software Engineering Intern, Institutional"	"Blockchain"	"Paris, France"	"Blockchain is looking to hire a Software Engineering Intern, Institutional to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in Paris."	"https://findwork.dev/n98WZkX/software-engineering-intern-institutional-at-blockchain"		"5fac5e7cbd4ca81dd4a6e0c998332ce975bf2f0289d18d32d1e9179d3c8e1185"	"2026-04-15 06:40:04.296"	"2026-04-15 06:40:04.298"			"Blockchain is seeking a Software Engineering Intern for an institutional role based in Paris. The intern will contribute to software development projects under the supervision of senior engineers."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{blockchain}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/b0c2d3a19d8ca809645b83015699714dd5567e1a.jpg"
"cmnzol6u1001m6i2etimbhext"	"XWxj6On"	"findwork"	"Software Engineer - 2027 New Grads"	"Ellipsis Labs"	"New York, United States"	"Ellipsis Labs is looking to hire a Software Engineer - 2027 New Grads to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY."	"https://findwork.dev/XWxj6On/software-engineer-2027-new-grads-at-ellipsis-labs"	"full time"	"65ac73c350b47c065fb1bd2f2410300405d5628fdbbce33aec90d75c754ea8d4"	"2026-04-15 06:40:19.417"	"2026-04-15 06:40:19.417"			"Ellipsis Labs is seeking a Software Engineer - 2027 New Grads for a full-time position based in New York, NY."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/5acb62b7986b1e2780cf3ff757fdcec5ca4609e9.jpg"
"cmnzole7c001o6i2ep1jv7nhv"	"M1pAL5Q"	"findwork"	"Institutional Business Development Intern"	"LayerZero Labs"	"New York City, United States"	"LayerZero Labs is looking to hire an Institutional Business Development Intern to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in New York City NY."	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAL5Q/institutional-business-development-intern-at-layerzero-labs"		"d32ed172f488e01674c2b3a448e3625505e0c070d1901b16baa607c11e338fc3"	"2026-04-15 06:40:28.966"	"2026-04-15 06:40:28.968"			"LayerZero Labs is seeking an Institutional Business Development Intern to join their team in New York City, NY. This internship will focus on supporting business development initiatives and strategic projects."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/9496c1ac571b7aeb0337af7120f08174edbb5e0b.jpg"
"cmnzolnj0001q6i2e5ieh5kqo"	"MLrY4Zn"	"findwork"	"Global HR Director"	"StarkWare"	"Netanya, Israel"	"StarkWare is looking to hire a Global HR Director to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Netanya."	"https://findwork.dev/MLrY4Zn/global-hr-director-at-starkware"	"full time"	"e78d3dac40d38df76a2761b330b28e3b5646bce337f569e1beb7f48c843893b0"	"2026-04-15 06:40:41.051"	"2026-04-15 06:40:41.052"					"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/6cf8d87016b27f59ef5bf153277c2b681ad749a2.jpg"
"cmnzolrkc001t6i2eszf2flmn"	"Q62KxBQ"	"findwork"	"Account Manager - Scale"	"Bridge"	"New York, United States"	"Bridge is looking to hire an Account Manager - Scale to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA."	"https://findwork.dev/Q62KxBQ/account-manager-scale-at-bridge"	"full time"	"06dcebfc16948ac3860aad061c5b5df6ca9fc98fe80aa753f26763c6f9515822"	"2026-04-15 06:40:46.282"	"2026-04-15 06:40:46.284"			"Bridge is looking to hire an Account Manager - Scale to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/483a87f85781b72465a0a6f8e868f79e7e621eb0.jpg"
"cmnzom0wr001v6i2e3t7xkp8e"	"nKJqkJX"	"findwork"	"Product Design Manager, Engagement"	"Discord"		"Discord is used by over 200 million people every month for many different reasons, but there’s one thing that nearly everyone does on our platform: play video games. Over 90% of our users play games, spending a combined 1.5 billion hours playing thousands of unique titles on Discord each month. Discord plays a uniquely important role in the future of gaming. We are focused on making it easier and more fun for people to talk and hang out before, during, and after playing games. The Engagement organization at Discord is focused on deepening user engagement and retention—ensuring that as we bring in new users, they stick around and make Discord an irreplaceable part of their daily lives. We work on Discord's core social systems: voice and messaging. Our mission is to drive repeatable mechanisms that increase engagement across both our core desktop gaming audience and emerging segments like mobile gamers. We're looking for an experienced Product Design Manager to lead a team of designers working on one of these strategic themes. You'll manage designers tackling challenges like making voice calls more discoverable and engaging, creating social feedback loops that keep conversations going, or ensuring Discord's foundational experiences remain world-class. As a Design Manager, you'll independently lead your team across a single domain, balancing strategic thinking with hands-on craft leadership. You'll work closely with cross-functional partners in Product and Engineering to translate Engagement's strategy into delightful user experiences, while developing your designers and maintaining Discord's high quality bar. What You'll Be Doing Develop a team of highly-engaged designers by coaching and instilling a sense of ownership and impact. Provide direction and guidance of product designers' output, promote partnerships and design process. Build close bonds with your corresponding engineering and product management leaders to influence product strategy and ensure world-class product execution. Partner with Staff+ designers and XFN partners to define and refine the design portions of the roadmap, ensuring work is appropriately broken down and prioritized. Set a strong pace for the team and foster a culture of quality by balancing holistic thinking with feature impact, cutting scope when needed without compromising quality. Make sound first-principle decisions around resourcing and team composition, adapting to changing needs or tuning team dynamics. Drive design excellence within your team and owned systems; mentor designers on user-centric thinking and risk mitigation. Occasionally be hands-on with design work, pitching in to support your team and keep them focused on deeper work—however this is primarily a management role. What you should have 2+ years of experience as a Design Manager and/or have led at least 2 Product Designers previously within a design team. 6+ years experience in multi-platform digital products as a Product Designer (or similar role). Especially fluent with mobile product development and consumer products, with experience using prototyping tools to demonstrate product concepts. A portfolio of work you've designed and shipped as well as examples of work you directed delivered by your team. Examples of how you have previously influenced your product teams, organizations or discipline. An enjoyment of people leadership. This includes recruiting, training and developing, organization design, and leading by example. Strong eye for craft. You can identify when work can benefit from more time or investment, identifying gaps in visual or interaction design. History of strong partnerships with engineering and product management leadership. You thrive in ambiguous environments and get excited about figuring out strategies or processes to address them—both in product and internal team structures. You are a first principles thinker that can work with others to come up with pragmatic solutions. Designing yourself does not scare you, and you're happy to jump in to help if needed. You are still a designer even if you don't do it all the time. The US base salary range for this full-time position is $220,000 to $247,500 + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role and level. Within the range, individual pay is determined by additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include equity, or benefits. Why Discord? Discord plays a uniquely important role in the future of gaming. We're a multiplatform, multigenerational and multiplayer platform that helps people deepen their friendships around games and shared interests. We believe games give us a way to have fun with our favorite people, whether listening to music together or grinding in competitive matches for diamond rank. Join us in our mission! Your future is just a click away! Discord is committed to inclusion and providing reasonable accommodations during the interview process. We want you to feel set up for success, so if you are in need of reasonable accommodations, please let your recruiter know. Please see our Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy for details regarding Discord’s collection and usage of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking HERE."	"https://findwork.dev/nKJqkJX/product-design-manager-engagement-at-discord"		"53f94d0b90046f62e2b676e3bdbf94de94cce153bbc066610c95c586654ecb61"	"2026-04-15 06:40:58.393"	"2026-04-15 06:40:58.395"	247500	220000	"Discord is seeking a Product Design Manager to lead a team focused on enhancing user engagement and retention through core social systems like voice and messaging. The role involves balancing strategic leadership with hands-on design guidance to create delightful user experiences for both desktop and mobile gaming audiences."	"$220,000 to $247,500 + equity + benefits"	"{""Develop a team of highly-engaged designers by coaching and instilling ownership and impact"",""Provide direction and guidance of product designers' output, promoting partnerships and design process"",""Build close bonds with engineering and product management leaders to influence product strategy and ensure world-class execution"",""Partner with Staff+ designers and cross-functional partners to define/refine design roadmaps"",""Set a strong pace for the team and foster a culture of quality by balancing holistic thinking with feature impact"",""Make sound first-principle decisions around resourcing and team composition"",""Drive design excellence within owned systems; mentor designers on user-centric thinking and risk mitigation"",""Occasionally contribute hands-on design work to support the team""}"	"{""2+ years of experience as a Design Manager or leading at least 2 Product Designers"",""6+ years experience in multi-platform digital products as a Product Designer"",""Fluency in mobile product development and consumer products"",""Experience using prototyping tools to demonstrate product concepts"",""Portfolio of shipped work and examples of team-directed projects"",""Examples of influencing product teams/organizations/disciplines"",""Enjoyment of people leadership (recruiting, training, organization design)"",""Strong eye for craft in visual/interaction design"",""History of partnerships with engineering/product management leadership"",""Ability to thrive in ambiguous environments and develop strategies/processes"",""First-principles thinking for pragmatic solutions"",""Willingness to engage in hands-on design work when needed""}"	"{}"	"{prototyping,principle}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Discord"
"cmnzoopw1002h6i2e11hnh43u"	"XE5oZNX"	"findwork"	"Founding Full-stack Engineers and Forward Deployed Engineers"	"Deepline"		"User interfaces are dead. Knowledge workers will exclusively work through agent interfaces like Claude Code&#x2F;Cowork. We&#x27;ve built the interface layer to enable that. One API that unifies hundreds of data providers, workflows, and data infrastructure to agents like Claude Code. We shipped our mvp last month; hundreds of early adopters signed up and are using Deepline. You’d build core platform: agent-facing abstractions, infrastructure, UI. TypeScript&#x2F;Python&#x2F;Next.js&#x2F;Postgres. $3.3M raised from Lerer Hippeau + Looker founding team. Technical founding team from Uber, Lyft, Capchase, MIT Lincoln Lab, Waterloo. https:&#x2F;&#x2F;code.deepline.com&#x2F;careers"	"https://findwork.dev/XE5oZNX/founding-full-stack-engineers-and-forward-deployed-engineers-at-deepline"		"9dc11b5e4d377a0dd0ec6f9e9812f520a14e3d69f495954e4d43fcb7c8ce2e8c"	"2026-04-15 06:43:04.08"	"2026-04-15 06:43:04.081"			"The company is building an API that unifies hundreds of data providers, workflows, and infrastructure for agent interfaces like Claude Code. They have shipped an MVP with hundreds of early adopters and are seeking to build the core platform for agent-facing abstractions, infrastructure, and UI."		"{""Build agent-facing abstractions"",""Develop infrastructure"",""Create UI components""}"	"{""Experience with TypeScript"",""Experience with Python"",""Experience with Next.js"",""Experience with Postgres""}"	"{}"	"{TypeScript,Python,Next.js,Postgres,claude}"	
"cmnzomntm00206i2ey9x1ybef"	"MrJejDM"	"findwork"	"Circle - Principal Product Manager"	"deCircle"		"Job description What you’ll be part of: Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure – including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar – helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology. Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, we’re expanding into some of the world’s strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder. What you’ll be responsible for As a Principal Product Manager at Circle, you will own the strategy and execution of our risk platform, ensuring it scales to support new products, markets, and global regulatory requirements. You will act as a cross-functional leader, partnering with compliance, legal, engineering, data science, and business stakeholders to align priorities and deliver resilient infrastructure that supports both crypto and traditional financial rails. By combining product vision, technical fluency, and deep compliance expertise, you will enable Circle to manage risk with precision, meet evolving regulatory expectations, and uphold the highest standards of trust and safety. What you’ll work on Design and scale a modular, extensible risk platform that supports crypto- and traditional financial rails, as well as risk-related use cases across onboarding, account linking, and other customer lifecycle events — with a focus on building a user-friendly rules engine and intuitive tooling for risk operators. Define and implement observability strategies to ensure risk platform integrity, including monitoring performance, validating critical flows, and surfacing key risk indicators to inform prioritization and executive decision-making. Evolve Circle’s travel rule platform to ensure jurisdictional coverage, interoperability, and seamless integration with internal systems and partner networks. Leverage AI/ML to automate risk decisioning and operational processes; lead feature/context engineering, model development, evaluation/monitoring frameworks. Maintain clear, comprehensive documentation of platform design, functionality, and dependencies to ensure internal transparency and audit readiness. Translate regulatory requirements and business needs into clear product requirements, insights, and user stories for engineering execution. Represent the risk platform in senior leadership and regulatory forums, aligning cross-functional strategy and demonstrating how Circle’s infrastructure meets evolving compliance obligations at scale. Job requirements Core Requirements 10+ years of product management experience building risk, compliance, or trust & safety platforms in fintech, crypto, or financial services. Deep expertise in fraud, AML, sanctions screening, and onboarding compliance (e.g., KYC/KYB), with hands-on experience crafting risk rules based on real-world typologies. Track record of translating regulatory requirements into scalable, policy-driven platform capabilities that support both real-time and asynchronous risk decisioning across crypto and fiat rails. Experience leading modular platform design, including refactoring monolithic services into scalable, service-oriented architectures. Skilled in collaborating with engineering, data science, and operations teams to ship complex infrastructure products; able to influence senior stakeholders and drive alignment across functions. Highly analytical and data-driven, with experience applying ML, risk signals, and scoring models to improve detection, decisioning, and operational efficiency. Strong technical fluency, including working knowledge of APIs, event-driven architectures like SNS/SQS or equivalent, SQL, GitHub or equivalent. Preferred Requirements Background in RegTech, banking, or scaled fintech, with direct exposure to complex regulatory environments. Expertise in blockchain technologies and crypto compliance, including chain types, on-chain travel rule requirements, blockchain monitoring, and evolving crypto regulations. Experience with rapid prototyping using AI tools to accelerate product exploration, workflow automation, or internal tooling development. All done! Your application has been successfully submitted! Other jobs"	"https://findwork.dev/MrJejDM/circle-principal-product-manager-at-decircle"		"2af86b1f925276e560e2d529855bd172680472efb42bd6ac0951f69b28e9c261"	"2026-04-15 06:41:28.088"	"2026-04-15 06:41:28.09"			"As a Principal Product Manager at Circle, you will own the strategy and execution of the risk platform, ensuring it scales to support new products, markets, and global regulatory requirements. You will lead cross-functionally to build resilient infrastructure for crypto and traditional financial systems, combining product vision with compliance expertise to uphold trust and safety."		"{""Own the strategy and execution of the risk platform to scale with new products, markets, and regulatory requirements."",""Act as a cross-functional leader, partnering with compliance, legal, engineering, data science, and business stakeholders."",""Design and scale a modular, extensible risk platform supporting crypto and traditional financial rails."",""Define and implement observability strategies for risk platform integrity, including monitoring and key risk indicators."",""Evolve the travel rule platform for jurisdictional coverage and interoperability."",""Leverage AI/ML to automate risk decisioning and operational processes."",""Maintain comprehensive documentation for platform design and audit readiness."",""Translate regulatory requirements into product requirements and user stories for engineering."",""Represent the risk platform in senior leadership and regulatory forums.""}"	"{""10+ years of product management experience in risk, compliance, or trust & safety platforms in fintech, crypto, or financial services."",""Deep expertise in fraud, AML, sanctions screening, and onboarding compliance (e.g., KYC/KYB)."",""Track record of translating regulatory requirements into scalable platform capabilities for real-time and asynchronous risk decisioning."",""Experience leading modular platform design and refactoring monolithic services into service-oriented architectures."",""Skilled in collaborating with engineering, data science, and operations teams to deliver infrastructure products."",""Ability to influence senior stakeholders and drive cross-functional alignment."",""Highly analytical with experience applying ML, risk signals, and scoring models."",""Technical fluency in APIs, event-driven architectures (e.g., SNS/SQS), SQL, and GitHub."",""Preferred: Background in RegTech, banking, or scaled fintech with exposure to complex regulatory environments."",""Preferred: Expertise in blockchain technologies, crypto compliance, and on-chain travel rule requirements."",""Preferred: Experience with rapid prototyping using AI tools for product exploration or automation.""}"	"{}"	"{APIs,SNS/SQS,SQL,GitHub,blockchain,fintech,sns,rails,prototyping}"	
"cmnzond9d00246i2enu34n2tf"	"Q03DR1n"	"findwork"	"Forward Deployed ML Engineer"	"Triomics"		"About Triomics Triomics is building the agentic AI layer for oncology EHRs. Cancer hospitals spend billions on highly trained staff manually reading unstructured patient records - pathology reports, clinical notes, genomic panels - to power workflows like trial matching, registry curation, visit prep, and quality reporting. We replace that manual work with task-driven AI agents that sit inside the EMR and process records at scale, in real time. Our platform is trusted by the 4 of the top 10 Best Hospitals for Cancer by U.S.News and several of the largest community practices. We have grown 10x in the last year and process millions of oncology medical documents monthly. Our investors include Lightspeed, General Catalyst, Nexus Venture Partners and Y-Combinator. Role Build and deploy AI agent pipelines that extract structured oncology variables from unstructured patient documents for tailor made use cases for pharmaceutical companies and cancer hospitals. You own the full cycle: understanding the customer's data dictionary, studying the source clinical documents, building extraction agents, evaluating accuracy, deploying to production, and iterating until it works. This role requires someone who can go deep into both the agentic layer as well as the clinical domain, coordinate across customer and internal teams, and deliver under deadline pressure. Responsibilities Design and build agentic extraction pipelines that process 500+ page patient charts (clinical notes, pathology reports, imaging reports, genomic panels) and output structured JSON per customer data dictionaries Own accuracy end-to-end: define evaluation datasets, run precision/recall analysis per variable, identify failure modes, and improve through agent architecture changes, prompt engineering, fine-tuning, or rule-based post-processing Go deep into the clinical source data - read the actual patient charts, understand how oncologists document, learn why certain data points are ambiguous and use that understanding to improve extraction Work with the clinical annotation team to build gold-standard datasets and resolve edge cases Coordinate with customer data science and clinical teams to clarify dictionary definitions, review output quality, and close accuracy gaps Coordinate with internal engineering and infrastructure teams to deploy, scale, and monitor pipelines in production Deliver on customer timelines - this means intense sprint periods around customer deliveries followed by iteration and improvement cycles What Success Looks Like in the First 90 Days Days 1-30: Learn the stack, the data, and the domain. You should be reading real patient charts within your first week - not abstractions of them. Understand how oncologists document across clinical notes, pathology reports, imaging, and genomic panels. Learn why the same data point (e.g., disease stage, biomarker status, line of therapy) shows up differently across document types and why extraction is hard. Get hands-on with the existing extraction pipeline architecture: how agents are orchestrated, how documents are segmented and classified, how structured JSON is produced, and where the current system fails. Run the evaluation suite on an active customer dictionary and understand the per-variable accuracy breakdown - which variables are easy, which are hard, and why. By end of month one, you should be able to explain the top 5 failure modes in the current extraction pipeline and have an opinion on which ones are fixable with prompt/agent changes vs. which require deeper architectural work. Days 30-60: Own a customer delivery end-to-end. Pick up an active customer workstream -- a new dictionary, a new tumor type, or an accuracy improvement cycle on an existing delivery. Run it yourself: study the customer's data dictionary, map it to the source documents, build or modify the extraction agents, define the evaluation dataset with the annotation team, run precision/recall per variable, and iterate until accuracy targets are met. You should be coordinating directly with the customer's data science team on edge cases and definition ambiguities. Simultaneously, you should be identifying patterns across customer dictionaries. Days 60-90: Ship improvements and have an opinion on every decision Deliver measurable accuracy improvements on your owned workstream - concrete numbers, not vibes. Document the pipeline architecture, evaluation methodology, and customer-specific decisions well enough that another engineer can pick up the work. You should have a point of view on how to standardize extraction pipelines across customers so that new dictionary onboarding takes days, not weeks. Requirements 2+ years building ML/AI systems in production Built and deployed AI agents or multi-step LLM pipelines (not just single-call wrappers) - you should have a clear point of view on agent architectures, tool use, orchestration frameworks, and where they break down Strong Python - pipeline code, data processing, infrastructure glue, not just model training scripts Practical LLM experience: prompt engineering, fine-tuning, RAG, evaluation design Built evaluation frameworks for LLM based document extraction tasks (precision, recall, per-class analysis, error taxonomy) Willingness to become a domain expert in oncology data - this role requires going deep into clinical documentation, not just treating it as generic text Comfortable owning customer-facing communication alongside technical delivery - you'll talk to customer data science teams, clinical teams, and internal engineering regularly Can operate in high-intensity delivery sprints and manage your own time across multiple workstreams Preferred Kept up with the agentic ML landscape - frameworks, patterns, and failure modes in production agent systems Clinical or biomedical NLP is a plus but not required - what matters is willingness to go deep into the domain"	"https://findwork.dev/Q03DR1n/forward-deployed-ml-engineer-at-triomics"	"full time"	"8a85a6f26bbb46bd9c88eff7b23fdd2ab36cf4792a948abc27b29650ba7e6239"	"2026-04-15 06:42:01.055"	"2026-04-15 06:42:01.057"			"Build and deploy AI agent pipelines to extract structured oncology variables from unstructured patient documents for pharmaceutical and hospital use cases. Own end-to-end accuracy, clinical domain understanding, and cross-team coordination for customer deliveries."		"{""Design and build agentic extraction pipelines processing 500+ page patient charts (clinical notes, pathology reports, imaging reports, genomic panels) into structured JSON per customer data dictionaries"",""Own accuracy end-to-end: define evaluation datasets, run precision/recall analysis per variable, identify failure modes, and improve through agent architecture changes, prompt engineering, fine-tuning, or rule-based post-processing"",""Analyze clinical source data by reading patient charts, understanding oncologist documentation patterns, and resolving data ambiguity"",""Collaborate with clinical annotation teams to build gold-standard datasets and resolve edge cases"",""Coordinate with customer data science/clinical teams to clarify dictionary definitions, review output quality, and close accuracy gaps"",""Work with internal engineering/infrastructure teams to deploy, scale, and monitor production pipelines"",""Deliver on customer timelines with intense sprint periods followed by iteration cycles""}"	"{""2+ years building ML/AI systems in production"",""Experience building/deploying AI agents or multi-step LLM pipelines (not single-call wrappers)"",""Strong Python skills for pipeline code, data processing, and infrastructure integration"",""Practical LLM experience: prompt engineering, fine-tuning, RAG, evaluation design"",""Built evaluation frameworks for LLM-based document extraction (precision, recall, per-class analysis, error taxonomy)"",""Willingness to become an oncology data domain expert through clinical documentation analysis"",""Comfort with customer-facing communication alongside technical delivery"",""Ability to operate in high-intensity delivery sprints with multi-workstream time management""}"	"{}"	"{nlp,rag,llm,python}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/c8830f0fbee8d57566664d25f05fa802119f757a.png"
"cmnzonsgp00286i2e73lg9cin"	"n2Yva5X"	"findwork"	"Product designer"	"Intree"		"Social media was built on a beautiful idea: bringing people together. But the ad-based business model pulled us further apart, taking the social out of social media. Intree is changing that. We run on memberships, not ads, so brands and people can coexist with better aligned incentives. We're building a bundled social app on iOS and Android, an advanced membership and rewards engine, and a web-based admin panel that brands buy to manage their programs. It's early, the work is hard, and we're moving fast toward product-market fit. We're looking for a product designer who thinks in systems. Someone who gets real satisfaction from building components, defining variables, and creating the structure that lets a product grow without falling apart. You'll join a team of 15 where the bar is high but what you ship actually matters. This is a full-time position, based in our Copenhagen office or remote (within +/- 2 hours of CET), office hours 9–17 CET. You'll work closely with a senior designer based in Copenhagen and collaborate directly with every team member, including the CEO. What you would've done in the last 6 months Redesigned feed posts, post reactions, and the comments system in our mobile app. Designed the end-to-end experience of a digital punch pass. Taking a concept everyone knows from physical cards (buy 10 coffees, get 2 free) and figuring out the digital execution Built and maintained reusable components, variables, and styles in our Figma design system. Every new pattern should strengthen the system, not add one-off exceptions. Used AI prototyping tools to turn rough ideas into functional prototypes the team could test and react to, before committing to full specs. Worked closely with developers to make sure designs are both engaging and practical to ship on time. What you might do in the next 6 months Design our web-based CRM where brands manage their members, view community activity, and run their membership programs. Work on our mobile app friends list: Onboarding, contact synchronization, and our approach to sharing Treets with your contacts from the app. Design marketing landing pages that communicate what we're building and why it matters. Find new ways to use AI tools for rapid ideation and prototyping. Workflows that let the design team move faster without sacrificing quality. Help evolve our design system as the product scales. New patterns, refined token structures, documented decisions that keep the system coherent as the product grows. About you You're comfortable in a high-performance environment where people hold each other to a high standard. The work is hard. The pace is fast. But the people around you are talented, the problems are interesting, and the impact is real. You have 3–5 years of experience in product design. Professional, personal projects, or school work all count. What matters is a portfolio that shows thoughtful, shipped design across mobile and web. You think in systems and are proficient in Figma. Building components, defining variables, and structuring design tokens isn't a chore. It's a craft you take pride in. You've used (or are eager to use) AI tools to create functional prototypes quickly. We provide and pay for the tools. We just need someone who's excited to put them to work. You can put yourself in the member's shoes, understand their needs and frustrations, and turn that into thoughtful design. Even when the brief is loose and you need to imagine your way to a solution. You're a strong communicator. You can present your thinking clearly, take feedback well, and write with enough clarity that async collaboration feels natural. Experience designing mobile apps, especially social apps, is a big plus. Familiarity with native components for Android and iOS, or having worked closely with developers in Kotlin, SwiftUI, or Tailwind/Vue, is a bonus. How to apply Application deadline: April 30, 2026 Send us your resume, a link to your portfolio, and a cover letter via this application form . Your portfolio is important. We want to see how you think, not just what you've made. Case studies, process work, and systems thinking are all worth showing. In your cover letter, tell us a little bit about yourself and what you can bring to Intree and this role. You can also tell us about something you've done that's relevant to the kind of work we do, or something that excited you. Be descriptive, but don't write a novel (500 words or less). We run a hybrid culture with a lot of asynchronous collaboration, so your ability to express yourself in writing matters. Your cover letter is an example of that. We'll review applications on a rolling basis and aim to get back to you within two weeks. We're unable to offer individual feedback during the screening process. Our small team doesn't have the bandwidth for personalized feedback before the final round of interviews. About Intree Intree was born from a desire to fix what's broken in social media. Too many platforms focus on user data and ads, leading to endless doomscrolling rather than real connection. We believe in building genuine human connection, not just collecting clicks. Our platform replaces intrusive advertising with a unique approach to customer memberships, so people, businesses, and communities can form deeper connections on their own terms. By focusing on thoughtful sharing, we're creating a space where members and brands can thrive together, without the noise and addictive content that serves no purpose. That's how we're paving the way for a healthier, more engaging social experience."	"https://findwork.dev/n2Yva5X/product-designer-at-intree"	"full time"	"4fd14b2befd0e674c1ad6b00c75e3538b3bc74e3112046d761f10d9854e42248"	"2026-04-15 06:42:20.76"	"2026-04-15 06:42:20.761"			"Intree is building a social media platform powered by memberships instead of ads. We're seeking a product designer to focus on system-based design, working on mobile and web products with a small, high-performance team. The role involves creating reusable components, designing membership experiences, and collaborating closely with developers and stakeholders."		"{""Redesigned feed posts, post reactions, and the comments system in the mobile app"",""Designed the end-to-end experience of a digital punch pass"",""Built and maintained reusable components, variables, and styles in the Figma design system"",""Used AI prototyping tools to create functional prototypes for testing"",""Worked with developers to ensure designs are practical to implement"",""Design the web-based CRM for brands to manage members and programs"",""Work on mobile app friends list features including onboarding and contact synchronization"",""Design marketing landing pages to communicate the platform's mission"",""Develop AI workflows for rapid ideation and prototyping"",""Evolve the design system with new patterns and refined token structures""}"	"{""3–5 years of product design experience (professional, personal, or academic)"",""Portfolio demonstrating shipped designs across mobile and web"",""Proficiency in Figma for building components and design systems"",""Experience using AI tools for prototyping"",""Ability to empathize with users and translate needs into design solutions"",""Strong communication skills for presenting ideas and collaborating asynchronously"",""Experience designing mobile apps, particularly social apps"",""Familiarity with native Android/iOS components or frameworks like Kotlin, SwiftUI, Tailwind, or Vue""}"	"{}"	"{Figma,ios,kotlin,express,prototyping,android,vue,tailwind,react}"	
"cmnzoo6q3002c6i2eyckokb95"	"nYPDjLX"	"findwork"	"Senior Graphic Designer – Amazon Listing"	"Cooking Gift Set Co."		"WHY YOU'LL LOVE WORKING WITH US No night shifts — work aligned with Asia timezones Work directly with a 10+ year graphic designer founder(real mentorship, not just tasks) $800–$1,000/month, stable income with room to grow as you prove impact Grow with the company— unlock bonuses, stipends, and bigger opportunities Supportive, appreciative culture — your work is seen, valued, and matters Real ownership — this isn’t a task role, you’ll have creative impact JOB DESCRIPTION - THERE ARE TWO PARTS: 1. Design That Converts (Ecommerce Mindset Required) - You understand what customers care about - You analyze the competitive landscape - You decide what needs to be visually communicated to sell - You create image stacks, infographics, A+ content, etc. - You come up with your own concepts, briefs, and variations to test 2. AI Product & Lifestyle Image Creation - Prompting AI tools to generate new product photography - Retouching and refining in Photoshop - Turning rough outputs into high-end, believable product imagery You don’t need to be an expert yet, but you must have: - Strong Photoshop skills - Good creative direction instincts - Basic AI prompting experience (we’ll help you level this up fast) ABOUT THE BRAND Design has always been at the center of everything we do. We’re a female-owned gifting brand focused on creating beautiful, thoughtful product experiences. The founder started as a graphic designer and built this brand from scratch into a thriving 7-figure business. Now, we’re looking for someone to step in, take ownership, and help us scale creatively. Get a sense of our brand at https://www.amazon.com/cookinggiftset . DOES THIS SOUND LIKE YOU…? Proven graphic design experience for ecommerce? Strong, modern design style (clean, premium, conversion-focused)? Ability to think like a marketer, not just a designer? High ownership — you can take direction and run with it? Ability to turn limited assets into strong visuals? If YES, then please apply! Submit your strongest, most relevant portfolio example. Choose carefully — your selection will determine whether you move forward."	"https://findwork.dev/nYPDjLX/senior-graphic-designer-amazon-listing-at-cooking-gift-set-co"	"full time"	"92f97169874cdb7d3842955c93ac40939f7033af3d45caa8e2af82c8c0db8a2b"	"2026-04-15 06:42:39.241"	"2026-04-15 06:42:39.243"	12000	9600	"Seeking a graphic designer with an ecommerce mindset and AI image creation skills to work with a founder on a female-owned gifting brand. The role emphasizes creative ownership and scaling design for product experiences."	"$800–$1,000/month"	"{""Design that converts with an ecommerce mindset"",""Analyze competitive landscape"",""Decide visual communication to sell products"",""Create image stacks, infographics, A+ content"",""Develop concepts, briefs, and variations for testing"",""Prompt AI tools to generate product photography"",""Retouch and refine AI outputs in Photoshop"",""Transform rough AI outputs into high-end product imagery""}"	"{""Proven graphic design experience for ecommerce"",""Strong Photoshop skills"",""Good creative direction instincts"",""Basic AI prompting experience"",""Modern, clean, premium design style"",""Ability to think like a marketer"",""High ownership and initiative to execute direction independently"",""Skill to turn limited assets into strong visuals""}"	"{""No night shifts (Asia timezones)"",""Work directly with a 10+ year graphic designer founder (real mentorship)"",""Stable income with growth potential based on impact"",""Unlock bonuses and stipends as the company scales"",""Supportive, appreciative culture with visible impact"",""Real creative ownership and influence on brand direction""}"	"{Photoshop}"	
"cmnzoovpq002l6i2efz2uqt84"	"Q03D7kn"	"findwork"	"Senior Product Designer"	"Sky Mavis"	"Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam"	"Sky Mavis is looking to hire a Senior Product Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in Ho Chi Minh City."	"https://findwork.dev/Q03D7kn/senior-product-designer-at-sky-mavis"	"full time"	"1bfe8c675f7a813c3d24e74abfa83d24db57376fd92af65583780ce341f0a539"	"2026-04-15 06:43:11.63"	"2026-04-15 06:43:11.63"			"Sky Mavis is seeking a Senior Product Designer for a full-time position in Ho Chi Minh City. The role involves leading product design initiatives and collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver user-centered solutions."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/2c4ff51285a2344f682ce7df0df61a2032ad0790.jpg"
"cmnzop8e8002n6i2eoq79gqtb"	"Qg6zBRn"	"findwork"	"Senior International Recruiter"	"BingX"		"BingX is looking to hire a Senior International Recruiter to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere."	"https://findwork.dev/Qg6zBRn/senior-international-recruiter-at-bingx"	"full time"	"0423917e99d1b52254c41691c8d13d27ab631b815288a8eae2de2714a424abf2"	"2026-04-15 06:43:28.062"	"2026-04-15 06:43:28.064"			"BingX is seeking a Senior International Recruiter for a full-time, 100% remote position with no geographical restrictions."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/d66e84c6bb8ebed0e72dc451a4d63a9346f147fd.jpg"
"cmnzop9br002p6i2ecxomjzcv"	"QV54azn"	"findwork"	"Product Manager, Portfolio Margin and Risk"	"Galaxy"	"New York, United States"	"Galaxy is looking to hire a Product Manager, Portfolio Margin and Risk to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY."	"https://findwork.dev/QV54azn/product-manager-portfolio-margin-and-risk-at-galaxy"	"full time"	"a278d448cf63763b74152aa32bd76b4b3b656359d43b1c7ea8837550d214c16e"	"2026-04-15 06:43:29.27"	"2026-04-15 06:43:29.27"					"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/5dbf1374c0b8d195763d5f396b95455eb85f50b5.jpg"
"cmnzopkb9002s6i2e4p5wgc33"	"Mb9W6gQ"	"findwork"	"Business Development Manager"	"Blockstream"		"Blockstream is looking to hire a Business Development Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that is 100% remote with no geographical restrictions. Work remotely from anywhere."	"https://findwork.dev/Mb9W6gQ/business-development-manager-at-blockstream"	"full time"	"4064ffbeb3d95dc89b172e1b4db15c97cbd1d16fe13dce5712acca8e94f12eba"	"2026-04-15 06:43:43.509"	"2026-04-15 06:43:43.509"			"Blockstream is seeking a Business Development Manager for a full-time, 100% remote position with no geographical restrictions."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/acb11fde27698b2f07daad25c3959c170af6a2d5.jpg"
"cmnzopohv002u6i2enj1zhrbg"	"n7ldr4Q"	"findwork"	"Principal Brand Designer"	"Stellar"	"New York, United States"	"Stellar is looking to hire a Principal Brand Designer to join their team. This is a full-time position that is based in New York NY."	"https://findwork.dev/n7ldr4Q/principal-brand-designer-at-stellar"	"full time"	"0e8203610e81abc240c9dcaa0424313bdc4c84323e95b9e18c5fdb92b24c3567"	"2026-04-15 06:43:48.931"	"2026-04-15 06:43:48.931"			"Stellar is seeking a Principal Brand Designer for a full-time position based in New York, NY."		"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/a096b37ec455e62ab171ce0936219573bae5bbc1.jpg"
"cmnzoq6hk002w6i2ejzlg5s52"	"MBjmx7M"	"findwork"	"Customer Operations &amp; Writing Specialist"	"Clerky"		"What Makes Customer Operations Different at Clerky It&rsquo;s a lot harder here. Helping our customers can be unusually challenging due to the nuanced and specialized nature of their questions. Doing the job well can require a lot of iterative feedback, so we're looking for someone who thinks critically about their writing and is always looking for ways to improve. Along the way, you'll also pick up a lot of knowledge about startups and startup law. The challenges never stop. The level of learning and craftsmanship that goes into writing responses to our customers requires intense focus. If you&rsquo;re looking for the kind of position where you can easily master all the information at the beginning and work in a way that does not require intense focus, this position will probably not be a good fit for you. On the other hand, if you love learning and constantly challenging yourself, this position could be a good fit for you. There are often no right answers. We&rsquo;re often not able to provide definitive answers to the questions we receive. In many cases, the best we can do is to equip our customers with the information they need to be able to figure out the right answer on their own, or to understand that it isn&rsquo;t possible to figure out what the right answer is. If you prefer an environment more oriented around providing definitive answers, this position may not be a good fit for you. Minimum Requirements Genuine love for helping people High emotional intelligence Logical / analytical thinker Exceptional written English communication skills, including the ability to write precisely and succinctly Extremely detail-oriented Comfort with working remotely and independently Technologically savvy - you should be confident in your ability to use new software without training Appreciation for giving and receiving feedback often (often several times a day) Natural internal motivation to constantly strive for excellence in everything you do How We Work Clerky has been remote-first for many years, long before COVID. We&rsquo;re very familiar with working remotely, and enjoy it. Our team is small, so everyone's contributions matter. We work efficiently, autonomously, and with great respect for each other. We work openly and collaboratively. We&rsquo;re here to support you in being successful in this role. You'll work closely with other team members to ensure our customers are getting the best possible support and experience. Everyone on our team works hard, and we trust team members to know what will help them be most productive. Schedules are flexible as long as there is adequate team coverage. We want to help you grow, so we have a budget for books, courses, tools, or whatever other educational resources you need to be successful. We offer top-of-market compensation and benefits and the opportunity to learn a lot while helping our customers through an exciting time in their lives. Responsibilities Writing thoughtful and empathetic replies to customer emails using our help desk software, Help Scout Writing and maintaining help center articles, and identifying topics for new articles based on customer inquiries Working with our engineering team to debug software issues our customers encounter Using our software to develop and manage new ways for our customers to complete legal paperwork Assisting product team by testing new features and bug fixes, and conveying customer feedback Spotting trends in customer issues that other team members should be alerted to This is a 100% remote position. You'll be able to work from home (or from anywhere else). We offer top-of-market compensation and benefits, reasonable hours, and reasonable customers. No legal experience or background is necessary or preferred. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/MBjmx7M/customer-operations-amp-writing-specialist-at-clerky"		"e812749e86497cea77d30a0b413838b3634ebdd13de89cce796f43c176af4622"	"2026-04-15 06:44:12.246"	"2026-04-15 06:44:12.248"			"Customer Operations at Clerky involves handling complex, nuanced customer inquiries that require critical thinking and iterative feedback. The role demands a high level of focus and continuous learning to provide thoughtful responses, making it ideal for someone who thrives in a challenging, ever-evolving environment."		"{""Writing thoughtful and empathetic replies to customer emails using our help desk software, Help Scout"",""Writing and maintaining help center articles, and identifying topics for new articles based on customer inquiries"",""Working with our engineering team to debug software issues our customers encounter"",""Using our software to develop and manage new ways for our customers to complete legal paperwork"",""Assisting product team by testing new features and bug fixes, and conveying customer feedback"",""Spotting trends in customer issues that other team members should be alerted to""}"	"{""Genuine love for helping people"",""High emotional intelligence"",""Logical / analytical thinker"",""Exceptional written English communication skills, including the ability to write precisely and succinctly"",""Extremely detail-oriented"",""Comfort with working remotely and independently"",""Technologically savvy - you should be confident in your ability to use new software without training"",""Appreciation for giving and receiving feedback often (often several times a day)"",""Natural internal motivation to constantly strive for excellence in everything you do""}"	"{""Top-of-market compensation and benefits"",""Budget for books, courses, tools, or other educational resources"",""Flexible schedules with adequate team coverage"",""Opportunity to learn a lot while helping customers through an exciting time in their lives""}"	"{""Help Scout""}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/ebfdd79f8acaf26b367d00238248b3801ce32a8e.jpg"
"cmnzoqkae00316i2e60m5tdvl"	"Mmj3JLX"	"findwork"	"Customer Support Email Specialist"	"Giftly, Inc"		"Customer Support Specialist (Email Focus) Remote | Full-time We&rsquo;re looking for someone to be the primary email support representative during core business hours—handling the majority of incoming customer inquiries and helping keep the inbox moving efficiently. This role is best for someone who is fast, clear, and comfortable handling a high volume of emails, including more complex or escalated customer situations. What you&rsquo;ll do Serve as the main email responder during core hours Handle a high volume of customer inquiries with speed and accuracy Manage and respond to escalated or high-emotion customer issues with professionalism and sound judgment Prioritize time-sensitive or high-impact cases Help triage incoming emails and keep the inbox organized Flag recurring issues or customer confusion to the team Assist with backlog when needed What we&rsquo;re looking for Experience in high-volume email support Strong written communication (clear, calm, and efficient) Ability to stay composed and effective when handling frustrated or upset customers Good judgment on when to resolve independently vs escalate internally Comfortable working in a fast-paced, sometimes messy environment What success looks like (first 60–90 days) Consistently handling a large portion of daily email volume Keeping response times fast during core hours Confidently managing escalated customer situations Helping reduce backlog Identifying common customer issues and patterns Why join Giftly? As a Giftly employee, you&rsquo;ll enjoy the flexibility of remote work with the stability of a full-time role and benefits. You&rsquo;ll work closely with a small, motivated team on a fun consumer product and gain exposure to many areas of the business. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who&rsquo;s energetic, self-disciplined, and eager to grow—starting with email support during the holidays and evolving into a key voice for our customers year-round."	"https://findwork.dev/Mmj3JLX/customer-support-email-specialist-at-giftly-inc"		"ce98509916160436c0011044044d97e81680da1775061008a518018ebcbfacee"	"2026-04-15 06:44:30.132"	"2026-04-15 06:44:30.134"			"Customer Support Specialist (Email Focus) is responsible for handling high-volume email inquiries during core business hours, managing escalated issues, and maintaining inbox efficiency. The role requires speed, accuracy, and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment."		"{""Serve as the main email responder during core hours"",""Handle a high volume of customer inquiries with speed and accuracy"",""Manage and respond to escalated or high-emotion customer issues with professionalism and sound judgment"",""Prioritize time-sensitive or high-impact cases"",""Help triage incoming emails and keep the inbox organized"",""Flag recurring issues or customer confusion to the team"",""Assist with backlog when needed""}"	"{""Experience in high-volume email support"",""Strong written communication (clear, calm, and efficient)"",""Ability to stay composed and effective when handling frustrated or upset customers"",""Good judgment on when to resolve independently vs escalate internally"",""Comfortable working in a fast-paced, sometimes messy environment""}"	"{""Flexibility of remote work"",""Stability of a full-time role with benefits"",""Opportunity to work closely with a small, motivated team on a fun consumer product"",""Exposure to many areas of the business"",""Growth opportunities starting with email support during the holidays and evolving into a key voice for customers year-round""}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/091d341c621e50eb98dc7f492e78dadaace59144.jpg"
"cmnzoqy4s00366i2efdpo8qik"	"Qeq6weQ"	"findwork"	"Customer Support Email Specialist"	"Giftly"		"Customer Support Specialist (Email Focus) Remote | Full-time *Please note we are only able to consider US-based candidates at this time* We&rsquo;re looking for someone to be the primary email support representative during core business hours—handling the majority of incoming customer inquiries and helping keep the inbox moving efficiently. This role is best for someone who is fast, clear, and comfortable handling a high volume of emails, including more complex or escalated customer situations. What you&rsquo;ll do Serve as the main email responder during core hours Handle a high volume of customer inquiries with speed and accuracy Manage and respond to escalated or high-emotion customer issues with professionalism and sound judgment Prioritize time-sensitive or high-impact cases Help triage incoming emails and keep the inbox organized Flag recurring issues or customer confusion to the team Assist with backlog when needed What we&rsquo;re looking for Experience in high-volume email support Strong written communication (clear, calm, and efficient) Ability to stay composed and effective when handling frustrated or upset customers Good judgment on when to resolve independently vs escalate internally Comfortable working in a fast-paced, sometimes messy environment What success looks like (first 60–90 days) Consistently handling a large portion of daily email volume Keeping response times fast during core hours Confidently managing escalated customer situations Helping reduce backlog Identifying common customer issues and patterns Why join Giftly? As a Giftly employee, you&rsquo;ll enjoy the flexibility of remote work with the stability of a full-time role and benefits. You&rsquo;ll work closely with a small, motivated team on a fun consumer product and gain exposure to many areas of the business. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who&rsquo;s energetic, self-disciplined, and eager to grow—starting with email support during the holidays and evolving into a key voice for our customers year-round."	"https://findwork.dev/Qeq6weQ/customer-support-email-specialist-at-giftly"		"2da431c9ce594e80d3b286ac26308742a4d893d317d43794f7aad292b1a16ceb"	"2026-04-15 06:44:48.074"	"2026-04-15 06:44:48.076"			"We're seeking a Customer Support Specialist focused on email support during core business hours. The role involves handling high-volume customer inquiries, managing escalated issues, and maintaining inbox efficiency. Ideal for someone who is fast, clear, and comfortable with a fast-paced environment."		"{""Serve as the main email responder during core hours"",""Handle a high volume of customer inquiries with speed and accuracy"",""Manage and respond to escalated or high-emotion customer issues with professionalism and sound judgment"",""Prioritize time-sensitive or high-impact cases"",""Help triage incoming emails and keep the inbox organized"",""Flag recurring issues or customer confusion to the team"",""Assist with backlog when needed""}"	"{""Experience in high-volume email support"",""Strong written communication (clear, calm, and efficient)"",""Ability to stay composed and effective when handling frustrated or upset customers"",""Good judgment on when to resolve independently vs escalate internally"",""Comfortable working in a fast-paced, sometimes messy environment""}"	"{""Flexibility of remote work"",""Stability of a full-time role and benefits"",""Work closely with a small, motivated team on a fun consumer product"",""Exposure to many areas of the business"",""Opportunity to grow from email support into a key voice for customers year-round""}"	"{}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/cb82d458e55b524d86e804f3bbad12ef20471757.jpg"
"cmnzorg1y003b6i2ex5xng1l6"	"XoAReGQ"	"findwork"	"Head of Experience Design"	"Jimdo"		"About Jimdo We exist to unleash the power of the self-employed - helping solopreneurs and micro-businesses thrive by doing what they're passionate about and removing the complexity of building lasting, successful businesses. Jimdo started in 2007 when three school friends built a website builder in a Northern German farmhouse to help everyone build a presence online. Today, we're a profitable, remote-first company with 220+ people from 50+ nationalities working across 15+ countries. We've helped build over 36 million websites to get online across the world. We're more than just a website builder. We're an AI-powered platform that helps self-employed people actually run and build successful businesses — from getting found online, winning customers and running their business with a peace of mind by knowing exactly what to do next to move forward. At the heart of Jimdo is a strong belief in personalized, data-driven guidance. Our platform combines design, business tools, and an AI-powered core that turns real customer data into clear insights and next steps helping our customers focus on what moves their business forward. Role Overview : This role exists to build on the strong design foundation already in place at Jimdo and help evolve it further as the company scales, changes focus to a multiproduct platform, and our AI capabilities mature. As Head of Design, you will lead and develop our Product Design function, with a focus on simplicity, usability, and customer outcomes for solopreneurs and micro-businesses. You will ensure design is deeply embedded in how we understand customer problems, shape product strategy, and deliver coherent experiences across the customer lifecycle working closely with our VP of Product & Design on building out this vision. A defining aspect of the role is advancing how AI is used within design, not to replace craft or judgment, but to remove low-value iteration, increase leverage, and allow designers to focus on higher-impact work leading to customer success. Your impact: Set clear design direction that raises the quality, clarity, and consistency of product experiences, grounded in the needs of solopreneurs and micro-businesses. Ensure design is a strong partner in problem definition, shaping product strategy—not just executing solutions. Lead the evolution of AI-enabled design practices to increase speed, reduce low-value iteration, and improve outcomes without compromising craft. Own and evolve the design system in close partnership with Product and Engineering, balancing consistency, scalability, and innovation. Take a holistic view of the end-to-end customer experience across product touchpoints and the broader lifecycle. Partner closely with Marketing and Brand to ensure alignment across product experience, content, narrative, and visual language. Lead, coach, and grow a senior Product Design team, fostering a culture of quality, curiosity, and continuous improvement. Work cross-functionally with Product and Engineering leadership to support effective discovery, prioritisation, and execution. What you bring: Senior leadership experience building and scaling high-performing product design teams. A strong point of view on simplicity, usability, and user-centered design. Demonstrated ability to evolve design systems and experience quality at scale across the full customer journey. Practical experience integrating AI into design workflows to improve speed and outcomes. Deep empathy for small businesses, solopreneurs, or similarly constrained customer segments. Comfort operating across product, brand, content, and lifecycle design. Strong collaboration skills and a systems-thinking mindset. High standards, clear taste, and the ability to raise the bar without creating friction. Experience in optimising for conversion while not detracting from usability. What we offer: Inspiring Mission: At our core, we are driven by a meaningful mission - to empower solopreneurs and small businesses to succeed and to contribute to the sustainability and vibrancy of the communities they serve. Flexibility and Trust: Our work environment thrives on flexibility and trust. We offer fully remote work set-up with opportunities for in-person collaboration. You can manage your working hours flexibly because we prioritize the results you deliver over the number of hours you put in. An International Diverse Team: Our team is a mosaic of over 248 individuals hailing from 50+ different countries and working across 15+ diverse locations. We take pride in our openness and inclusivity, with an Employee-led DEI Council and active ERGs that ensure everyone's voices are heard. Continuous Growth and Career Development: We invest in your growth with company-wide access to LinkedIn Learning and Coaching. From day one, you have the chance to contribute your ideas and create a meaningful impact. Our flat hierarchies and swift decision-making processes provide an open platform for your career progression. Competitive Benefits Package: Annual compensation reviews to ensure you're rewarded fairly. A remote office set-up bonus to enhance your workspace. A unique workation policy that allows you to work from different locations. An employee assistance program, offering resources and counseling. Plus, a perk that keeps giving: up to three free Jimdo websites for your personal or professional projects that you get to keep forever. Jimdo is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This means that we don’t discriminate based on race or ethnic origin, color, the language(s) you speak, where you (or your parents) are from, or whether or not you consider yourself to have a disability. Neither will your age, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, beliefs, or political opinions play a part in your application with us. Our diverse team values and celebrates the uniqueness of each individual. We embrace differences and believe that they enrich our organization, making us stronger and more innovative. Join us, and let's continue to create a workplace where everyone can thrive, regardless of background or identity. By sending your application, you declare that you read and understand the Jimdo Applicant Privacy Policy"	"https://findwork.dev/XoAReGQ/head-of-experience-design-at-jimdo"		"1e11aba2ee3b209f3a338b80bebd713d19ecef243e8dbbbc64d427f4f533247e"	"2026-04-15 06:45:11.301"	"2026-04-15 06:45:11.302"			"The Head of Design will lead and evolve Jimdo's Product Design function, focusing on simplicity, usability, and AI integration to support solopreneurs and micro-businesses. The role emphasizes advancing AI-enabled design practices, maintaining high-quality customer experiences, and collaborating cross-functionally to drive product strategy."		"{""Set clear design direction that raises the quality, clarity, and consistency of product experiences."",""Ensure design is a strong partner in problem definition and product strategy."",""Lead the evolution of AI-enabled design practices to increase speed and improve outcomes."",""Own and evolve the design system in partnership with Product and Engineering."",""Take a holistic view of the end-to-end customer experience across product touchpoints and lifecycle."",""Partner with Marketing and Brand to align product experience, content, and visual language."",""Lead, coach, and grow a senior Product Design team."",""Work cross-functionally with Product and Engineering leadership for effective discovery and execution.""}"	"{""Senior leadership experience building and scaling high-performing product design teams."",""Strong point of view on simplicity, usability, and user-centered design."",""Demonstrated ability to evolve design systems and experience quality at scale."",""Practical experience integrating AI into design workflows."",""Deep empathy for small businesses, solopreneurs, or constrained customer segments."",""Comfort operating across product, brand, content, and lifecycle design."",""Strong collaboration skills and systems-thinking mindset."",""High standards, clear taste, and ability to raise quality without friction."",""Experience optimizing for conversion while maintaining usability.""}"	"{""Inspiring mission to empower solopreneurs and small businesses."",""Fully remote work setup with flexible hours."",""International diverse team with over 50+ nationalities."",""Access to LinkedIn Learning and coaching for growth."",""Annual compensation reviews and remote office setup bonus."",""Unique workation policy and employee assistance program."",""Up to three free Jimdo websites for personal/professional use.""}"	"{embedded,swift}"	
"cmnzortok003g6i2ez7uehy2n"	"M3Glk4M"	"findwork"	"Senior FinCrime Product Owner"	"Deblock"		"We want to revolutionise how money moves between fiat and crypto to unlock the numerous possibilities that Web3 offers. We need a creative and innovative Senior FinCrime Product Owner to design and implement a robust and innovative financial crime and fraud product to protect our users, eliminate bad actors, and propel forward the ecosystem. In this role, you’ll be expected to build out Deblock’s FinCrime platform by setting out the product strategy, owning the roadmap for delivery, and hiring the team to deliver it. We’re looking for someone who can see what’s broken in the financial crime industry, someone who has a burning itch to fix it, and someone who can build a better solution from the ground up. If financial crime seems like an eminently fixable problem to you, this is the role for you. We want to revolutionise the FinTech industry. Create a new paradigm. And we need the best minds to do it What we are looking for: Experience building products to prevent and detect financial crime and fraud Experience working in a high-growth start-up or fintech 2+ years of experience working on technical products (such as platforms, distributed systems, data science, machine learning, computer vision, embedded systems, robotics etc.) Experience developing product(s) from zero to first release and beyond What will make you stand out: Professional qualification from an internationally recognised body (e.g. ICA, ACAMS) Deep knowledge of the UK and EU regulatory environment and key financial crime regimes Experience working with crypto compliance tools (e.g. Chainalysis, Elliptic) Strong data analytics capability to extract insights from large datasets and translate them into product strategy and decision-making Competitive salary + stock options Private dental + health insurance The best tech for your job 30 days of paid holidays (excl. bank holidays) Option to work 100% remotely or come to the office - your choice! Ability to work abroad for 4 months a year"	"https://findwork.dev/M3Glk4M/senior-fincrime-product-owner-at-deblock"		"a9de03d7a46da686e82087950f60b966c21d3295c1d1600b57988a1733027d58"	"2026-04-15 06:45:28.963"	"2026-04-15 06:45:28.964"			"We need a Senior FinCrime Product Owner to design and implement a robust financial crime and fraud product to protect users and eliminate bad actors in the Web3 ecosystem. The role involves building Deblock’s FinCrime platform by setting product strategy, owning the roadmap, and hiring the team to deliver it."	"Competitive salary + stock options"	"{""Build out Deblock’s FinCrime platform by setting out the product strategy"",""Own the roadmap for delivery"",""Hire the team to deliver the platform""}"	"{""Experience building products to prevent and detect financial crime and fraud"",""Experience working in a high-growth start-up or fintech"",""2+ years of experience working on technical products (such as platforms, distributed systems, data science, machine learning, computer vision, embedded systems, robotics etc.)"",""Experience developing product(s) from zero to first release and beyond""}"	"{""Private dental + health insurance"",""The best tech for your job"",""30 days of paid holidays (excl. bank holidays)"",""Option to work 100% remotely or come to the office"",""Ability to work abroad for 4 months a year""}"	"{Chainalysis,Elliptic,embedded,fintech,web3}"	
"cmnzos550003l6i2e17wncevc"	"XRL7VxQ"	"findwork"	"System Design / Solution Architect"	"Ssc Hr Solutions"		"Description: Designing system architectures and technical solutions to ensure scalability, stability, and security, while aligning solutions with business requirements. Key Responsibilities: Design system and application architectures (High-Level & Low-Level Design). Analyze requirements and translate them into executable architectural solutions. Define design standards and technical governance. Design system and service integrations (APIs / Integration). Review technical decisions and development team deliverables. Support implementation teams and resolve architectural challenges. Document architecture and technical diagrams. Requirements: Minimum of 10 years of experience in System Design or Solution Architecture. Experience designing large and complex systems. Strong understanding of architectural principles (Scalability, Availability, Security). Experience with Microservices or SOA. Good knowledge of design patterns and databases. Strong communication skills and ability to work with multiple teams. Strong communication skills and ability to work within a team."	"https://findwork.dev/XRL7VxQ/system-design-solution-architect-at-ssc-hr-solutions"		"64fd4529fe99c71e2ca4acfd505b59aed8d94389c818e4cbf430dcdb8fa7edc3"	"2026-04-15 06:45:43.811"	"2026-04-15 06:45:43.812"			"Designing system architectures and technical solutions to ensure scalability, stability, and security, while aligning solutions with business requirements."		"{""Design system and application architectures (High-Level & Low-Level Design)"",""Analyze requirements and translate them into executable architectural solutions"",""Define design standards and technical governance"",""Design system and service integrations (APIs / Integration)"",""Review technical decisions and development team deliverables"",""Support implementation teams and resolve architectural challenges"",""Document architecture and technical diagrams""}"	"{""Minimum of 10 years of experience in System Design or Solution Architecture"",""Experience designing large and complex systems"",""Strong understanding of architectural principles (Scalability, Availability, Security)"",""Experience with Microservices or SOA"",""Good knowledge of design patterns and databases"",""Strong communication skills and ability to work with multiple teams"",""Strong communication skills and ability to work within a team""}"	"{}"	"{}"	
"cmnzosomg003p6i2e9xdej5g2"	"nZlA8NM"	"findwork"	"Customer Support Specialist (AI SaaS Platform)"	"Hire Overseas"		"We’re looking for a Customer Support Specialist who can deliver fast, thoughtful, and technically informed support for users of a growing AI voice automation platform. You’ll handle inbound questions, troubleshoot issues, guide developers and non-technical users, and help shape a smooth end-to-end customer experience. If you enjoy solving problems, communicating clearly, and working inside a product-focused, fast-moving AI environment, this role will fit you well. Why You’ll Want to Join Paid in USD (bi-monthly: 15th and 30th) Up to 14 days of Paid Time Off annually (starting Day 1) Observance of Holidays per company guidelines 100% remote setup so you can work wherever you feel most productive Work inside a forward-thinking AI startup backed by top investors Opportunity to support a platform at the forefront of voice automation and AI workflows What You’ll Work On Customer Support Across Channels Manage and respond to inbound support requests through email and internal tools Provide clear, empathetic, and accurate responses to technical and non-technical users Troubleshoot platform issues by reviewing logs, referencing documentation, and reproducing customer scenarios Escalate complex or urgent issues to product and engineering teams Support real-time inquiries inside community spaces such as Discord Documentation and Insights Identify recurring questions, bugs, and product gaps and document them clearly Contribute updates to help center articles, troubleshooting guides, and internal documentation Provide structured feedback to cross-functional teams on customer sentiment and platform usability Internal Collaboration Work with engineering, product, and operations teams to close support loops Share insights that improve onboarding, documentation, and user experience Help refine internal support systems, workflows, and templates What You Bring 1 to 3 years of experience in customer support, ideally within SaaS or technical environments Strong written English with a clear, concise, and customer-centered communication style Ability to manage multiple tickets or conversations without losing accuracy Comfortable using tools such as Plain, Intercom, Zendesk, or similar support systems Tech-curious and able to learn APIs, integrations, or workflow systems quickly Nice to have Experience supporting developer tools, AI products, or community-based support environments How to Apply Please submit: Your updated resume A short 1–2 minute Loom video introducing yourself and describing your experience supporting SaaS or technical products Only candidates who submit a Loom video will be considered. If you're motivated by helping users succeed, enjoy technical problem-solving, and want to contribute to a rapidly developing AI ecosystem, this role gives you the opportunity to grow alongside a product and team pushing the boundaries of what voice automation can do. Application Process Overview Our comprehensive selection process ensures we find the right fit for both you and our clients: Initial Application - Submit your application and complete our prequalifying questions Video Introduction - Record an video introduction to showcase your communication skills and work experience Role-Specific Assessment - Complete a homework assignment tailored to the position (if applicable) Recruitment Interview - Initial screening with our talent team Executive Interview - Meet with senior leadership to discuss role alignment Client Interview - Final interview with the client team you'd be supporting Background & Reference Check - Professional reference verification Job Offer - Successful candidates receive a formal offer to join the team Each stage is designed to evaluate your fit for the role while giving you insights into our company culture and expectations. We'll keep you informed throughout the process and provide feedback at each step."	"https://findwork.dev/nZlA8NM/customer-support-specialist-ai-saas-platform-at-hire-overseas"		"4f2a97ecdc13ddf88d7b425c637c0bcd7eb21532c1a0844826e0f16f126bb616"	"2026-04-15 06:46:09.062"	"2026-04-15 06:46:09.064"			"We’re looking for a Customer Support Specialist who can deliver fast, thoughtful, and technically informed support for users of a growing AI voice automation platform. You’ll handle inbound questions, troubleshoot issues, guide developers and non-technical users, and help shape a smooth end-to-end customer experience."		"{""Manage and respond to inbound support requests through email and internal tools"",""Provide clear, empathetic, and accurate responses to technical and non-technical users"",""Troubleshoot platform issues by reviewing logs, referencing documentation, and reproducing customer scenarios"",""Escalate complex or urgent issues to product and engineering teams"",""Support real-time inquiries inside community spaces such as Discord"",""Identify recurring questions, bugs, and product gaps and document them clearly"",""Contribute updates to help center articles, troubleshooting guides, and internal documentation"",""Provide structured feedback to cross-functional teams on customer sentiment and platform usability"",""Work with engineering, product, and operations teams to close support loops"",""Share insights that improve onboarding, documentation, and user experience"",""Help refine internal support systems, workflows, and templates""}"	"{""1 to 3 years of experience in customer support, ideally within SaaS or technical environments"",""Strong written English with a clear, concise, and customer-centered communication style"",""Ability to manage multiple tickets or conversations without losing accuracy"",""Comfortable using tools such as Plain, Intercom, Zendesk, or similar support systems"",""Tech-curious and able to learn APIs, integrations, or workflow systems quickly""}"	"{""Up to 14 days of Paid Time Off annually (starting Day 1)"",""Observance of Holidays per company guidelines"",""100% remote setup so you can work wherever you feel most productive"",""Opportunity to support a platform at the forefront of voice automation and AI workflows"",""Work inside a forward-thinking AI startup backed by top investors""}"	"{Plain,Intercom,Zendesk}"	
"cmnzosyxy003u6i2eqm8uox0q"	"ny5YE4n"	"findwork"	"Full Stack Developer (.NET &amp; React) (WFH) - #34881"	"Manila Recruitment"		"As a Full-stack Developer, you'll play a pivotal role in a rapidly expanding startup, driving both front-end and backend development responsibilities to ensure timely project success. Work within an Agile development team to develop, test and maintain, full-stack web application built on Microsoft technologies for backend hosted on AWS Attend daily scrum meetings to collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex problems and strive for excellent development practice Develop software applications using .NET C# language and React frameworks with typescript Work closely with CTO, product owner, business analysts, and other developers to ensure that software requirements are met Deliver high-quality reusable code, with a focus on service reliability and monitoring Design and develop cloud-native software Utilisation of current technical best practices such as writing clean, testable code and pair programming At least 3 to 4 years of proven development experience on a full-stack capacity Extensive experience in a front-end developer role responsible for developing modern web-based user interfaces utilizing React, redux, TypeScript Work experience in ReactJS workflows like Redux, Create React App, and other libraries Good experience with .Net Core (6,8) and C# programming language ASP.NET Core, .net Core 6.0/8.0, C#, SQL, Web API, AWS Experience with managing CI/CD pipelines Strong Agile and Scrum experience Familiarity with IaaC and more specifically AWS CDK will be highly regarded Familiarity with Containerization and Docker Excellent English communication skills to effectively collaborate with foreign counterparts"	"https://findwork.dev/ny5YE4n/full-stack-developer-net-amp-react-wfh-34881-at-manila-recruitment"		"f94b45a0111b9215541a424b5309a7be91ebda033e3b1bcba138ffe8960be97a"	"2026-04-15 06:46:22.437"	"2026-04-15 06:46:22.438"			"As a Full-stack Developer, you'll drive both front-end and backend development in a rapidly expanding startup, working within Agile teams to build Microsoft-based web applications hosted on AWS. You'll collaborate with cross-functional teams to solve complex problems and deliver high-quality, cloud-native software."		"{""Develop, test, and maintain full-stack web applications built on Microsoft technologies for backend hosted on AWS"",""Attend daily scrum meetings to collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex problems"",""Develop software applications using .NET C# language and React frameworks with TypeScript"",""Work closely with CTO, product owner, business analysts, and other developers to ensure software requirements are met"",""Deliver high-quality reusable code with a focus on service reliability and monitoring"",""Design and develop cloud-native software"",""Utilize current technical best practices such as writing clean, testable code and pair programming""}"	"{""At least 3 to 4 years of proven development experience on a full-stack capacity"",""Extensive experience in a front-end developer role developing modern web-based user interfaces utilizing React, Redux, TypeScript"",""Work experience in ReactJS workflows like Redux, Create React App, and other libraries"",""Good experience with .NET Core (6,8) and C# programming language"",""Experience with ASP.NET Core, .NET Core 6.0/8.0, C#, SQL, Web API, AWS"",""Experience with managing CI/CD pipelines"",""Strong Agile and Scrum experience"",""Familiarity with IaaC and more specifically AWS CDK will be highly regarded"",""Familiarity with Containerization and Docker"",""Excellent English communication skills to effectively collaborate with foreign counterparts""}"	"{}"	"{React,Redux,TypeScript,""Create React App"","".NET Core 6.0/8.0"",C#,SQL,""Web API"",AWS,""AWS CDK"",Docker,net,asp}"	
"cmnzotgh1003y6i2eedrocp06"	"nJRwYBn"	"findwork"	"Customer Support Executive  AI Platform"	"Sai Group Ltd"		"We are looking for a Customer Support Executive to assist users of our AI-based platform that enables database connections, file uploads, and conversational interaction with data. The ideal candidate will help customers resolve technical issues, understand product features, and ensure a smooth user experience. Key Responsibilities: • Assist users with connecting databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.) • Help customers upload files (CSV, Excel, etc.) and query them using AI chat • Troubleshoot basic technical and usage issues • Guide users through product features and workflows • Respond to customer queries via chat, email, or ticketing system • Escalate bugs or complex issues to the technical team with clear details • Maintain logs of customer issues and resolutions • Collect user feedback and share insights with the product team Required Skills: • Good communication skills (written & verbal) • Basic understanding of databases and file formats • Familiarity with AI tools / chat-based systems is a plus • Ability to understand technical problems and explain solutions simply • Customer-first mindset and problem-solving attitude Preferred Qualifications: • Experience in SaaS / AI / Tech support • Basic knowledge of SQL queries • Understanding of APIs and data workflows • Prior experience with customer support tools (Freshdesk, Zendesk, Jira, etc.) What We Offer: • Opportunity to work with an AI-driven product • Learning and growth in AI, data, and SaaS platforms • Collaborative and fast-growing start-up environment • Competitive salary (as per experience)"	"https://findwork.dev/nJRwYBn/customer-support-executive-ai-platform-at-sai-group-ltd"		"3969d1ff505de14bc94d6010049ee27494d7e5f25cbf3dbf7c6ea58d01ecaaa1"	"2026-04-15 06:46:45.156"	"2026-04-15 06:46:45.157"			"We are seeking a Customer Support Executive to assist users of our AI-based platform, helping them connect databases, upload files, and interact with data through conversational interfaces. The role involves resolving technical issues, guiding users through features, and ensuring a positive experience."	"Competitive salary (as per experience)"	"{""Assist users with connecting databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, etc.)"",""Help customers upload files (CSV, Excel, etc.) and query them using AI chat"",""Troubleshoot basic technical and usage issues"",""Guide users through product features and workflows"",""Respond to customer queries via chat, email, or ticketing system"",""Escalate bugs or complex issues to the technical team with clear details"",""Maintain logs of customer issues and resolutions"",""Collect user feedback and share insights with the product team""}"	"{""Good communication skills (written & verbal)"",""Basic understanding of databases and file formats"",""Familiarity with AI tools / chat-based systems is a plus"",""Ability to understand technical problems and explain solutions simply"",""Customer-first mindset and problem-solving attitude"",""Experience in SaaS / AI / Tech support"",""Basic knowledge of SQL queries"",""Understanding of APIs and data workflows"",""Prior experience with customer support tools (Freshdesk, Zendesk, Jira, etc.)""}"	"{""Opportunity to work with an AI-driven product"",""Learning and growth in AI, data, and SaaS platforms"",""Collaborative and fast-growing start-up environment""}"	"{MySQL,PostgreSQL,MongoDB,CSV,Excel,Freshdesk,Zendesk,Jira,sql}"	
"cmnzotq1h00436i2e7euiibnh"	"nvDOrxM"	"findwork"	"Senior Java Developer (Microservices)"	"Toptal"		"About the Client Our client is one of the world's most recognized food and beverage producers, known for its iconic global brands and commitment to quality. Role: Senior Java Developer (Microservices) We are seeking a highly skilled Senior Java Developer with proven expertise in Microservices to join a dynamic team supporting multiple development initiatives and projects. Responsibilities Design, develop, and maintain microservices-based applications Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support multiple projects Implement event-driven architectures and work with modern cloud technologies Contribute to architecture and code reviews, and provide technical guidance as needed Additional Details Location: India Type: Full-time contract Duration: 9–12 months Remote: Yes (fully remote) Authorization: Applicants must be authorized to work in their country of residence without employer sponsorship Requirements Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot Expertise in Microservices architecture Hands-on experience with event-driven systems Proficiency with both SQL and NoSQL databases Experience with Azure or AWS cloud platforms Ability to work with good overlap in American time zones"	"https://findwork.dev/nvDOrxM/senior-java-developer-microservices-at-toptal"	"contract"	"429ac8db49d0ff98bfdacf120d209bf47a3237ebd65e7d88813512b32d82bbff"	"2026-04-15 06:46:57.555"	"2026-04-15 06:46:57.557"			"Our client, a leading global food and beverage producer, seeks a Senior Java Developer with expertise in Microservices to support multiple development initiatives. The role involves designing microservices-based applications, collaborating with cross-functional teams, and leveraging cloud technologies."		"{""Design, develop, and maintain microservices-based applications"",""Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support multiple projects"",""Implement event-driven architectures and work with modern cloud technologies"",""Contribute to architecture and code reviews, and provide technical guidance as needed""}"	"{""Strong experience with Java and Spring Boot"",""Expertise in Microservices architecture"",""Hands-on experience with event-driven systems"",""Proficiency with both SQL and NoSQL databases"",""Experience with Azure or AWS cloud platforms"",""Ability to work with good overlap in American time zones""}"	"{""Fully remote work""}"	"{Java,""Spring Boot"",""SQL databases"",""NoSQL databases"",Azure,AWS,nosql,sql,spring}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/00796682eb554e49e5ba4f915e9a84d13c4a44aa.jpg"