"id"	"sourceId"	"source"	"title"	"company"	"location"	"description"	"url"	"jobType"	"contentHash"	"fetchedAt"	"createdAt"	"maxSalary"	"minSalary"	"summary"	"salary"	"responsibilities"	"requirements"	"benefits"	"tools"	"logo"
"cmo1l5i0x00002i2e35qzrpz0"	"nal9mJX"	"findwork"	"Product Owner (Technical Background)"	"Addepto"		"Job description Addepto is a leading AI consulting ( https://addepto.com/ai-consulting/ ) and data engineering ( https://addepto.com/data-engineering-services/ ) company that builds scalable, ROI-focused AI solutions for some of the world's largest enterprises and pioneering startups, including Rolls Royce, Continental, Porsche, ABB, and WGU. With an exclusive focus on Artificial Intelligence and Big Data, Addepto helps organizations unlock the full potential of their data through systems designed for measurable business impact and long-term growth. The company's work extends beyond client engagements. Drawing from real-world challenges and insights, Addepto has developed its own product - ContextClue - and actively contributes open-source solutions to the AI community. This commitment to transforming practical experience into scalable innovation has earned Addepto recognition by Forbes as one of the top 10 AI consulting companies worldwide . As part of KMS Technology , a US-based global technology group, Addepto combines deep AI specialization with enterprise-scale delivery capabilities—enabling the partnership to move clients from AI experimentation to production impact, securely and at scale. We are looking for a Product Owner with a technical background to take ownership of an existing, actively developed GenAI product in an early product life-cycle and ensure continuity by assuming responsibilities from the current Product Owner. You will work at the intersection of business and technology on a real, live product used by 10,000+ users, developed for a large client from the automotive industry. The current Product Owner will support knowledge transfer - this is a planned handover, ensuring a smooth transition and continuity. Your main responsibilities: Stakeholder collaboration Act as a key point of contact between client stakeholders and delivery teams Lead communication with business representatives on the client side Elicit requirements, clarify expectations, and align priorities across multiple stakeholders Translate business needs into clear product direction for the development team Support knowledge sharing, communication, and alignment within the project Product ownership Take over ownership of an existing product backlog and ensure a smooth transition Structure, maintain, and prioritize the product backlog Translate business and technical requirements into initiatives, epics, and user stories Lead product backlog refinements and support sprint planning activities Define acceptance criteria and accept completed user stories Ensure clarity of scope, priorities, and goals for the development team Planning & coordination Prepare initiatives and objectives for PI Planning and quarterly planning cycles Support definition of PI Objectives and contribute to product roadmaps Work closely with development teams to refine scope and assess feasibility Coordinate dependencies and align priorities with business stakeholders Quality & transparency Ensure delivered functionality meets agreed requirements and quality expectations Support functional testing and validation of delivered features Monitor progress and proactively identify risks or delivery challenges Ensure transparent communication and regular status updates to stakeholders Job requirements Hands-on experience working as a Product Owner or in a similar product-focused role in IT Technical background ideally experience as a technical tester, developer, or a graduate of technical studies Good understanding of Python-based systems and modern software architectures Ability to comfortably collaborate with engineers and understand technical trade-offs Strong practical knowledge of Agile methodologies (Scrum, SAFe) Experience managing product backlogs and writing clear, actionable user stories Ability to take ownership of an existing product and continue its development Strong communication and stakeholder management skills Ability to work independently and make product-related decisions Understanding of software development lifecycle and quality assurance practices High level of ownership, accountability, and transparency Fluent English (C1 level) is a must Discover our perks & benefits: Work in a supportive team of passionate enthusiasts of AI & Big Data. Engage with top-tier global enterprises and cutting-edge startups on international projects. Enjoy flexible work arrangements, allowing you to work remotely or from modern offices and coworking spaces. Accelerate your professional growth through career paths , knowledge-sharing initiatives, language classes, and sponsored training or conferences , including a partnership with Databricks , which offers industry-leading training materials and certifications. Choose from various employment options: B2B, employment contracts, or contracts of mandate. Make use of 20 fully paid days off available for B2B contractors and individuals under contracts of mandate. Participate in team-building events and utilize the integration budget . Celebrate work anniversaries, birthdays, and milestones. Access medical and sports packages , eye care, and well-being support services, including psychotherapy and coaching. Get full work equipment for optimal productivity, including a laptop and other necessary devices. With our backing, you can boost your personal brand by speaking at conferences, writing for our blog, or participating in meetups. Experience a smooth onboarding with a dedicated buddy, and start your journey in our friendly, supportive, and autonomous culture. All done! Your application has been successfully submitted! Other jobs"	"https://findwork.dev/nal9mJX/product-owner-technical-background-at-addepto"		"b43dac1b9a55dda24e429589f275e481e00f2e3d0ddac37284aab8826829f21f"	"2026-04-16 14:39:40.918"	"2026-04-16 14:39:40.929"			"Addepto seeks a technical Product Owner to take ownership of an existing GenAI product in an early lifecycle, ensuring continuity by collaborating with stakeholders, managing product backlogs, and coordinating with development teams for a large automotive client."		"{""Act as a key point of contact between client stakeholders and delivery teams"",""Lead communication with business representatives on the client side"",""Elicit requirements, clarify expectations, and align priorities across multiple stakeholders"",""Translate business needs into clear product direction for the development team"",""Support knowledge sharing, communication, and alignment within the project"",""Take over ownership of an existing product backlog and ensure a smooth transition"",""Structure, maintain, and prioritize the product backlog"",""Translate business and technical requirements into initiatives, epics, and user stories"",""Lead product backlog refinements and support sprint planning activities"",""Define acceptance criteria and accept completed user stories"",""Ensure clarity of scope, priorities, and goals for the development team"",""Prepare initiatives and objectives for PI Planning and quarterly planning cycles"",""Support definition of PI Objectives and contribute to product roadmaps"",""Work closely with development teams to refine scope and assess feasibility"",""Coordinate dependencies and align priorities with business stakeholders"",""Ensure delivered functionality meets agreed requirements and quality expectations"",""Support functional testing and validation of delivered features"",""Monitor progress and proactively identify risks or delivery challenges"",""Ensure transparent communication and regular status updates to stakeholders""}"	"{""Hands-on experience working as a Product Owner or in a similar product-focused role in IT"",""Technical background ideally experience as a technical tester, developer, or a graduate of technical studies"",""Good understanding of Python-based systems and modern software architectures"",""Ability to comfortably collaborate with engineers and understand technical trade-offs"",""Strong practical knowledge of Agile methodologies (Scrum, SAFe)"",""Experience managing product backlogs and writing clear, actionable user stories"",""Ability to take ownership of an existing product and continue its development"",""Strong communication and stakeholder management skills"",""Ability to work independently and make product-related decisions"",""Understanding of software development lifecycle and quality assurance practices"",""High level of ownership, accountability, and transparency"",""Fluent English (C1 level) is a must""}"	"{""Work in a supportive team of passionate enthusiasts of AI & Big Data"",""Engage with top-tier global enterprises and cutting-edge startups on international projects"",""Enjoy flexible work arrangements, allowing you to work remotely or from modern offices and coworking spaces"",""Accelerate your professional growth through career paths, knowledge-sharing initiatives, language classes, and sponsored training or conferences"",""Choose from various employment options: B2B, employment contracts, or contracts of mandate"",""Make use of 20 fully paid days off available for B2B contractors and individuals under contracts of mandate"",""Participate in team-building events and utilize the integration budget"",""Celebrate work anniversaries, birthdays, and milestones"",""Access medical and sports packages, eye care, and well-being support services, including psychotherapy and coaching"",""Get full work equipment for optimal productivity, including a laptop and other necessary devices"",""Boost your personal brand by speaking at conferences, writing for our blog, or participating in meetups"",""Experience a smooth onboarding with a dedicated buddy""}"	"{python,genai}"	
"cmo1l61rf00052i2e9hwk1gm0"	"XkRm5AM"	"findwork"	"Senior DevOps Engineer - Node"	"Wallarm"		"Job description Short facts about us: We are a global remote-first team of 150+ people on 4 continents and in 10+ countries. We have been protecting our clients since 2016. The company has recently closed its Series C round in the amount of $55 million. More than 200 customers around the world, including Fortune 500, Nasdaq, and high-growth startups choose Wallarm to protect their API and web applications. The company passed Y Combinator, the most prestigious incubator in Silicon Valley, from which Dropbox, Stripe, Docker, etc. came out. Our product: Wallarm API security solutions provide proven performance to support innovative companies serving millions of users and billions of API requests per month. Hundreds of Security and DevOps teams globally use Wallarm daily to: Discover . See every asset across your entire attack surface—from cloud environments to every API endpoint with auto-discovery capabilities. Protect . A single suite that goes beyond OWASP Top 10 for full coverage for API specific threats, account takeover, malicious bots, L7 DDoS, and more. Respond . Streamline incident response with complete visibility, smart triggers, and active threat verification. Test . Automate security testing of your APIs and web assets. Prioritize remediation for every asset, in every environment. Technology stack: Cloud: GCP, AWS, Azure Containers and Orchestrators: Docker, Kubernetes Scripting: Python, Golang Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, EFK OS: Linux Automatizations tools: Terraform, Ansible, internal tooling About this opportunity: We are actively seeking a skilled professional to join our dynamic team and play a pivotal role in the continued success of our core product, Wallarm Node. Wallarm Node is the heart of our platform, and its distribution is complex and wide-ranging. We currently support over 20 distribution channels, enabling our customers to deploy Wallarm seamlessly across diverse infrastructures. This expansive distribution model includes, but is not limited to: Traditional Package Managers: Managing and releasing official Linux packages (e.g., .deb, .rpm) for various distributions. Containerization: Maintaining and optimizing our official Docker images for deployment agility. Orchestration: Developing and supporting deployments within Kubernetes environments, particularly focusing on robust Kubernetes Ingress integrations. Cloud Native Solutions: Expanding and streamlining deployments in other modern, cloud-native contexts. As a Senior DevOps Engineer working on Wallarm Node, you will be instrumental in maintaining, enhancing, and expanding this intricate distribution ecosystem. Your work will directly impact our ability to deliver cutting-edge security and performance to our global customer base. In this role you will: Architect and continuously optimize the CI/CD process to maximize product delivery speed and reliability. Embed deep collaboration with Dev and QA teams to uphold and improve product quality across the release spectrum. Provide advanced technical support to customers to resolve product-related issues. Drive infrastructure-as-code management using Terraform. Develop high-performance automation scripts using Bash, Python, and GoLang. Build custom applications, primarily in GoLang, to enhance CI/CD capabilities. Job requirements In this role you’ll need: Deep expertise in designing and managing high-volume CI/CD processes, with a strong preference for Gitlab-based systems. Deep practical knowledge of cloud-native Kubernetes environments. Strong command of major cloud platforms (GCP and AWS). Demonstrated experience integrating advanced, AI-driven development practices into CI/CD workflows. Proficiency in Bash and Python for scripting. Solid experience in Linux infrastructure administration. Will be a plus: Experience with C lang and GoLang for systems development is a significant advantage. What we offer: Ability to work on a product that makes the Internet safer Completely remote work and flexible working hours Competitive salary and bonuses Paid days off Medical insurance Working equipment Professional development and career growth All done! Your application has been successfully submitted! Other jobs"	"https://findwork.dev/XkRm5AM/senior-devops-engineer-node-at-wallarm"		"215d096aceab0a28b942db73ebca79cb8ee6e83daa13b94226dcc4f19419ce55"	"2026-04-16 14:40:06.505"	"2026-04-16 14:40:06.507"			"We are seeking a Senior DevOps Engineer to maintain, enhance, and expand the Wallarm Node distribution ecosystem. This role involves optimizing CI/CD processes, collaborating with Dev and QA teams, and supporting customers across diverse infrastructure environments."		"{""Architect and continuously optimize the CI/CD process to maximize product delivery speed and reliability."",""Embed deep collaboration with Dev and QA teams to uphold and improve product quality across the release spectrum."",""Provide advanced technical support to customers to resolve product-related issues."",""Drive infrastructure-as-code management using Terraform."",""Develop high-performance automation scripts using Bash, Python, and GoLang."",""Build custom applications, primarily in GoLang, to enhance CI/CD capabilities.""}"	"{""Deep expertise in designing and managing high-volume CI/CD processes, with a strong preference for Gitlab-based systems."",""Deep practical knowledge of cloud-native Kubernetes environments."",""Strong command of major cloud platforms (GCP and AWS)."",""Demonstrated experience integrating advanced, AI-driven development practices into CI/CD workflows."",""Proficiency in Bash and Python for scripting."",""Solid experience in Linux infrastructure administration."",""Experience with C lang and GoLang for systems development is a significant advantage.""}"	"{""Ability to work on a product that makes the Internet safer"",""Completely remote work and flexible working hours"",""Competitive salary and bonuses"",""Paid days off"",""Medical insurance"",""Working equipment"",""Professional development and career growth""}"	"{GCP,AWS,Azure,Docker,Kubernetes,Python,Golang,Prometheus,Grafana,EFK,Terraform,Ansible,GitLab,Bash,node,containers}"	
"cmo1l6uq5000a2i2ejf80mboq"	"XE5o0PX"	"findwork"	"DevOps Engineer (Cloud AIaaS)"	"Gcore"		"Company Description This position is available only under an employment (labor) agreement. The world’s digital experiences run on something invisible: the infrastructure and software that keep them fast, reliable, and secure. At Gcore, you’ll help design and deliver that foundation for an AI-driven world. We’re a global provider of infrastructure and software solutions for AI, cloud, network, and security, powering everything from real-time communication and streaming to enterprise AI and secure web applications. With 210+ edge locations, 50+ cloud regions, and thousands of GPUs, your work here can reach users and businesses across the globe. You’ll collaborate with leading technology partners such as Intel, NVIDIA, Dell, and Equinix, and work on platforms that power digital products used around the world. Our vision is simple: to connect the world to AI, anywhere, anytime. Want to work on technology that goes beyond a single product or industry? Join a global team of 550+ professionals building infrastructure and software that supports the entire digital ecosystem. We are currently looking for a DevOps Engineer to join our Edge Cloud Operations Team. Job Description As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, deploying, and maintaining infrastructure and services that enable scalable and secure AI inference workloads on-premises. What You’ll Do Design, develop, and maintain infrastructure for AI inference workloads, including GPU scheduling, model deployment pipelines, and data access patterns in on-prem environments Build and manage monitoring and observability tools for AI inference platforms, including dashboards, alerts, and runbooks for model health and system performance Collaborate with ML engineers and platform teams to design system architecture for AI workloads, integrate inference runtimes, and test performance at scale Qualifications What We’re Looking For Hands-on Experience In Containerization and Container Orchestration: Kubernetes, Helm, Docker/CRI-O Linux and networks Programming and Scripting: Python/Go/Bash Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach: Ansible, Terraform Creating CI/CD pipelines: GitLab/GitHub actions Experience with Cluster API or any other ""Kubeception"" technology Deep experience with Kubernetes CNI, CSI, and Operators Nice to Have Knowledge in Kubernetes-related technologies such as ArgoCD, Helmfile Experience with Prometheus stack Experience with other Cloud Native technologies Additional Information Benefits At Gcore, we want you to do your best work and enjoy the journey. Our benefits are designed to support your growth, well-being, and life beyond work: Competitive compensation Flexible working hours and hybrid or remote options, depending on your role Work from anywhere in the world for up to 45 days per year Private medical insurance for you and your family* Extra paid vacation and sick leave days* Support for life’s important moments and celebrations Language courses to help you connect and grow Modern, welcoming offices with snacks, drinks, and entertainment* Team sports and social activities* *Benefits may vary depending on your location. Equal Opportunity Employer We provide equal opportunity to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics."	"https://findwork.dev/XE5o0PX/devops-engineer-cloud-aiaas-at-gcore"		"8361e630626abb0c42a9f0fdb5d560f19b9d2a491eb916085f37d4960640ac0d"	"2026-04-16 14:40:44.042"	"2026-04-16 14:40:44.045"			"As a DevOps Engineer in the Edge Cloud Operations Team, you will design, deploy, and maintain infrastructure for scalable and secure AI inference workloads on-premises, collaborating with ML engineers and platform teams to build system architecture and integrate inference runtimes."		"{""Design, develop, and maintain infrastructure for AI inference workloads, including GPU scheduling, model deployment pipelines, and data access patterns in on-prem environments"",""Build and manage monitoring and observability tools for AI inference platforms, including dashboards, alerts, and runbooks for model health and system performance"",""Collaborate with ML engineers and platform teams to design system architecture for AI workloads, integrate inference runtimes, and test performance at scale""}"	"{""Hands-on experience in containerization and container orchestration: Kubernetes, Helm, Docker/CRI-O"",""Linux and networks"",""Programming and scripting: Python/Go/Bash"",""Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach: Ansible, Terraform"",""Creating CI/CD pipelines: GitLab/GitHub actions"",""Experience with Cluster API or any other 'Kubeception' technology"",""Deep experience with Kubernetes CNI, CSI, and Operators"",""Knowledge in Kubernetes-related technologies such as ArgoCD, Helmfile"",""Experience with Prometheus stack"",""Experience with other Cloud Native technologies""}"	"{""Competitive compensation"",""Flexible working hours and hybrid or remote options"",""Work from anywhere in the world for up to 45 days per year"",""Private medical insurance for you and your family"",""Extra paid vacation and sick leave days"",""Support for life’s important moments and celebrations"",""Language courses to help you connect and grow"",""Modern, welcoming offices with snacks, drinks, and entertainment"",""Team sports and social activities""}"	"{Kubernetes,Docker/CRI-O,Python,Bash,Ansible,Terraform,GitLab,""GitHub actions"",""Cluster API"",ArgoCD,Helmfile,""Prometheus stack"",helm,github,inference,docker,prometheus}"	
"cmo1lb8q400132i2e0kvwmg01"	"XRL737Q"	"findwork"	"Senior DevOps Engineer"	"Lemon.io"		"Are you a talented Senior DevOps looking for a remote job that lets you show your skills and get decent compensation? Look no further than Lemon.io — the marketplace that connects you with hand-picked startups in the US and Europe. What we offer: The rate depends on your seniority level, skills and experience. We've already paid out over $11M to our engineers. No more hunting for clients or negotiating rates — let us handle the business side of things so you can focus on what you do best. We'll manually find the best project for you according to your skills and preferences. Choose a schedule that works best for you. It&rsquo;s possible to communicate async or minimally overlap within team working hours. We respect your seniority so you can expect no micromanagement or screen trackers. Communicate directly with the clients. Most of them have technical backgrounds. Sounds good, yeah? We will support you from the time you submit the application throughout all cooperation stages. Most of our projects involve working in a fast-paced startup environment. We hope you like it as much as we do. Through our community, we will connect you with the best developers from more than 71 countries. We have several openings for Senior DevOps Engineers, with two types of requirements. Requirements – DevOps with Azure DevOps: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with Azure DevOps Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Microsoft Azure is required Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus Requirements – DevOps with AWS/GCP/SQL: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with AWS, GCP, or SQL At least 3 years of commercial experience with Python Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus Strong technical skills: as a Senior DevOps, you are expected to be able to create projects from scratch and have a deep understanding of application architecture. Clear and effective communication in English — advanced ability to discuss business tasks, justify decisions, and communicate issues. Good self-presentation is also essential for upcoming client calls. Strong self-organizational skills — ability to work full-time remotely with no supervision. Reliability — we want to trust you and expect that you won&rsquo;t let us and the client down. Adaptability and Flexibility — the ability to onboard the project promptly after accepting it and start delivering results quickly. Sounds good for you? Apply now and join the Lemon.io community! NOT YOUR TECH STACK? We have multiple projects available for Senior Developers. If you have 4+ years of commercial software development experience and are proficient in any of the following areas: React & Python, React & Node, React & Ruby, PHP & Angular, PHP & Vue, Vue & Node.js, React & .NET, Android & iOS, Angular & .NET, Angular & Node.js, Vue & .NET, Python & Vue, MLOps, React & Java, Data Science, Blockchain (Web3/Solidity/Solana), Symfony & React, Symfony & Vue, Symfony & Angular, Symfony & JavaScript & Next.js & TypeScript, Data Analysis, React & PHP, Data Engineering, AI Engineering, Data Annotation, React & Golang, Svelte & Python, Svelte & Node, Svelte & TypeScript, Rust, Golang, Shopify & JavaScript, Vue & Nuxt, Python & Node, Angular & TypeScript, Ruby & Ruby on Rails, React Native & Ruby, React Native & Python, PHP & Laravel, .NET & C#, Java & Spring, Unreal Engine & C++, Python & LLM, Unity, Machine Learning Engineering, Python & Flask — we&rsquo;d be happy to connect and match you with a suitable project. If your experience matches our requirements, be ready for the next steps: VideoAsk — watch a short video about our startup, up to 10 minutes Complete your profile on our website Intro call Technical interview Feedback Magic Box (we are looking for the best project for you). We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire. P.S. We work with developers from 71+ countries in different regions: Europe, LATAM, the U.S (if you are an owner of W-9 ben form), Canada, Asia (Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Philippines, Indonesia), Oceania (Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea), and the the UK. However, we have some exceptions. At the moment, we don&rsquo;t have a legal basis to accept applicants from the following countries: European: Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Kosovo, Belarus, Russia, and Serbia. Latin America: Cuba and Nicaragua Most Asian countries and Africa. We expand and shorten the list of exemptions regularly. We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire. Do you represent a company with engineers who match the description and want to collaborate with us through staff augmentation? Then register here ."	"https://findwork.dev/XRL737Q/senior-devops-engineer-at-lemonio"		"60721061325cce7ea5a5131fc9f17533a6eaee17d1dd437a271ec6ef921938f0"	"2026-04-16 14:44:08.81"	"2026-04-16 14:44:08.812"			"Lemon.io is seeking remote Senior DevOps Engineers to work with startups in the US and Europe. The role emphasizes technical expertise in cloud platforms, strong communication, and self-management in a fast-paced environment."	"The rate depends on your seniority level, skills and experience"	"{""Create projects from scratch with deep understanding of application architecture"",""Work in a fast-paced startup environment"",""Communicate effectively with clients to discuss business tasks and justify decisions"",""Demonstrate strong self-organizational skills for remote work without supervision"",""Adapt quickly to new projects and deliver results promptly""}"	"{""4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer"",""At least 3 years of experience with Azure DevOps (for Azure-focused track)"",""At least 3 years of experience with AWS, GCP, or SQL (for AWS/GCP/SQL track)"",""At least 3 years of commercial experience with Python (for AWS/GCP/SQL track)"",""Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Microsoft Azure (Azure track)"",""Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration (plus)"",""Advanced English communication skills for client discussions"",""Strong self-organizational skills for remote work"",""Reliability and adaptability for project onboarding"",""Ability to work independently without micromanagement""}"	"{""Remote work with flexible scheduling"",""No micromanagement or screen tracking"",""Direct communication with technical clients"",""Support throughout the application and project matching process"",""Access to global developer community across 71+ countries""}"	"{""Azure DevOps"",""Microsoft Azure"",AWS,GCP,Python,ruby,android,react,angular,vue,flask,blockchain,web3,spring,typescript,azure,symfony,ios,moment,sql,solidity,javascript,llm,laravel,svelte,nuxt,net,rails,rust,golang,node,php}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/0e154d1160e5bd58e58fdb66c382549638cc1e00.jpg"
"cmo1lcj8s001c2i2e8jduek4l"	"Q4qNpKM"	"findwork"	"Senior Python Engineer"	"Fulfil"		"Job Title Senior Python Engineer Job Description About Fulfil Fulfil is the modern ERP for commerce. Built to power the fastest-growing eCommerce brands, our platform brings together order management, inventory, accounting, and more, turning complex operations into a strategic advantage. We’re trusted by brands like HexClad, Ridge Wallet, Caraway, and Resident, and backed by people who want to change the way merchant operations are run. We believe in deep work, radical accountability, and building tools that let sharp people move faster. About the Role As a Python Engineer (Full Stack & AI) at Fulfil, you will design and build next-generation systems that power millions of customer orders and financial transactions for some of the world’s fastest-growing merchants. Our Python-based platform operates at a significant scale, handling millions of transactions per hour. Your work will have a direct impact on system reliability, scalability, and product innovation. You’ll collaborate closely with teammates across Canada, the U.S., and India, working in a highly ownership-driven environment that values clean architecture, pragmatic engineering, and thoughtful problem-solving. Location: Toronto, Ontario (in-office 5 days per week) Type: Full-Time Expected Start Date: Immediately What You’ll Do Own the Full Stack Design, build, and maintain end-to-end functionality across our Python-based platform, from backend services to frontend integrations. Work within a large, mature codebase while contributing to its long-term evolution and scalability. Deliver Features at Speed Lead the design, development, testing, and deployment of new features that directly support high-growth merchants. Balance rapid delivery with long-term maintainability. Apply AI in Production Integrate AI-powered capabilities into Fulfil’s ERP using LLMs (e.g., OpenAI, Anthropic). Build intelligent workflows that enhance automation, decision-making, and merchant experience across orders, financials, and operations. Scale with Confidence Design and optimize REST and GraphQL APIs (600+ endpoints), microservices, and background processing pipelines. Work with containerized infrastructure (Docker/Kubernetes) to support high availability and zero-downtime deployments. Champion Code Quality Refactor and modernize legacy systems. Write well-tested, readable code using pytest. Participate in code reviews and architectural discussions to raise the bar across the team. Build Ecosystem Integrations Develop and maintain integrations with major commerce platforms (Shopify, Amazon) and logistics providers (FedEx, DHL). Ensure reliable data flows across external systems and Fulfil’s core platform. Restrictions No telecommuting No Agencies Please Requirements Required Experience 5+ years of experience, ideally, building applications at scale from scratch. Strong experience building large-scale backend systems and microservices using Python. Hands-on experience with ORMs (e.g., SQLAlchemy, Django ORM) and relational databases (PostgreSQL preferred). Proficiency with distributed systems components such as Celery, Redis, RabbitMQ, and background processing. Experience writing automated tests (pytest) and using Git in a collaborative environment. Demonstrated ownership—seeing projects through from design to production and ongoing support. Bonus Points Experience scaling systems at a high-growth tech company. Familiarity with cloud platforms (Google Cloud, Heroku, etc.). Passion for optimizing distributed systems or e-commerce workflows. Domain-Focused Product Engineering: Experience building or scaling production software in commerce, logistics, or operations domains (e.g., order management, inventory, fulfillment, WMS) or in FinTech/financial systems (payments, reconciliation, revenue recognition, invoicing). About the Company Our Approach to AI What We Do Leverage LLMs (OpenAI API, Claude API) to embed AI-driven capabilities into Fulfil’s ERP, powering natural language interfaces, intelligent automation, and merchant-facing insights (e.g., Fulfil x MCP integrations with Claude). Focus on applied AI for commerce operations — integrating models to solve real problems like order management, financial analysis, customer insights, and logistics optimization. What We Don’t We are not a core ML/AI research company — we don’t train or fine-tune foundation models. We focus on integrating and productizing AI, rather than building new ML frameworks or developing custom model architectures. What It’s Really Like to Work at Fulfil We’re building the ERP that fast-growing eCommerce brands actually want to use, which means we’re taking on entrenched enterprise software with a small, intense team. Big Tech and VC-backed startups are 400-horsepower engines running at 25% efficiency. They have bloated teams, endless meetings, six months to ship a feature. At Fulfil, we’re a 200-horsepower engine running at 100%. We’re bootstrapped, profitable, and growing steadily. No permission layers. No “alignment meetings” about alignment meetings. Everyone ships everyday. The work: You’ll own meaningful problems with direct customer impact. Our customers run 24/7 operations across time zones, and when they’re launching on BFCM or scaling from $10M to $100M, they need us to move fast. That urgency flows downstream. This is high-intensity work with real consequences. What high-intensity actually means: Most weeks are 45-55 hours; peak seasons (BFCM, major launches) hit 60+ Occasional off-hours calls with our distributed team or for customer launches Long days (10+ hours) aren’t uncommon The work doesn’t pause even if we try to protect your focus time What you get in return: Real autonomy over execution (we measure impact, not facetime) Ownership of problems that matter to real businesses Unlimited PTO we actually want you to use (we’d rather you rest than burn out) If you’ve ever felt like you’re capable of 10x more than your current environment allows you to output, that’s the gap between your potential and your actual impact. Fulfil eliminates that gap. You’ll thrive here if: you’re the type who gets energy from building something that matters, want ownership over outcomes vs tasks, are open to receiving regular, direct feedback in public Slack channels from multiple people, and like moving fast without red tape. This isn’t for you if: you need a strict 40-hour boundary, prefer structured oversight, or want work to be a contained part of your life. Contact Info E-mail contact : japneet . gill @ fulfil . io Web : https://www.fulfil.io/careers/"	"https://findwork.dev/Q4qNpKM/senior-python-engineer-at-fulfil"		"5de9f58e5d596ff571ef6fe7da81d5cf01bebf43e503cce7a1ec896d84df4649"	"2026-04-16 14:45:09.098"	"2026-04-16 14:45:09.1"			"As a Senior Python Engineer at Fulfil, you will design and build next-generation systems for an ERP platform handling millions of transactions per hour. Your work will focus on full-stack development, AI integration, and scalable infrastructure to support high-growth merchants."		"{""Own the Full Stack Design, build, and maintain end-to-end functionality across the Python-based platform, from backend services to frontend integrations."",""Lead the design, development, testing, and deployment of new features supporting high-growth merchants."",""Integrate AI-powered capabilities into Fulfil’s ERP using LLMs (e.g., OpenAI, Anthropic) to enhance automation and decision-making."",""Design and optimize REST and GraphQL APIs (600+ endpoints), microservices, and background processing pipelines."",""Refactor and modernize legacy systems, writing well-tested, readable code using pytest."",""Develop and maintain integrations with major commerce platforms (Shopify, Amazon) and logistics providers (FedEx, DHL).""}"	"{""5+ years of experience building applications at scale from scratch."",""Strong experience building large-scale backend systems and microservices using Python."",""Hands-on experience with ORMs (e.g., SQLAlchemy, Django ORM) and relational databases (PostgreSQL preferred)."",""Proficiency with distributed systems components such as Celery, Redis, RabbitMQ, and background processing."",""Experience writing automated tests (pytest) and using Git in a collaborative environment."",""Demonstrated ownership—seeing projects through from design to production and ongoing support."",""Experience scaling systems at a high-growth tech company (bonus)."",""Familiarity with cloud platforms (Google Cloud, Heroku, etc.) (bonus)."",""Passion for optimizing distributed systems or e-commerce workflows (bonus)."",""Domain experience in commerce, logistics, operations, or FinTech (e.g., order management, inventory, payments) (bonus).""}"	"{""Real autonomy over execution (measured by impact, not facetime)."",""Ownership of problems that matter to real businesses."",""Unlimited PTO with encouragement to use it."",""High-intensity work environment with direct customer impact.""}"	"{Python,SQLAlchemy,""Django ORM"",PostgreSQL,Celery,Redis,RabbitMQ,pytest,Git,Docker,Kubernetes,Shopify,Amazon,FedEx,DHL,fintech,claude,graphql,openai,anthropic,heroku,django}"	
"cmo1li0qc002f2i2etigcv6g2"	"XzZbo9X"	"findwork"	"Account Executive, Salesforce"	"Global Career Website"		"About Astound Digital At Astound Digital, we are pioneers in the digital landscape, dedicated to transforming how the world interacts with technology, data, and creativity. Our role as trusted advisors in the digital landscape empowers the world’s most innovative brands with frictionless, end-to-end customer experiences. We are known for our comprehensive solutions, proven expertise, and collaborative, nimble approach that instills confidence in our clients. We embrace the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive innovation, efficiency, and better outcomes for our clients and employees. Join us to navigate and lead in the ever-changing digital world, where your impact will extend beyond the ordinary. Job Purpose: Drive digital transformation. Build client trust. Shape the future of Salesforce-powered commerce. At Astound Digital, we’re looking for a Sales Consultant who’s passionate about helping enterprise clients unlock growth through Salesforce solutions. In this role, you’ll be the face of Astound to our Salesforce ecosystem partners and clients—driving consultative sales conversations, influencing strategic roadmaps, and closing deals that deliver real business impact. This opportunity is ideal for someone with a strong background in selling Salesforce services or solutions, with a proven ability to drive net new business. The right candidate thrives in fast-paced, collaborative environments, builds lasting client relationships, and is passionate about helping organizations achieve digital transformation through Salesforce. In this role, you’ll get to: Drive consultative sales cycles — own the end-to-end process from prospecting and qualification to proposal and close. Sell Astounds full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers. Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals. Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions. Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes. Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value. Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale. Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads. Your skills and qualifications: 3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions). Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud). Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution. Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively. Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders. Self-starter mindset with a passion for digital transformation and innovative technology solutions. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field preferred. Good to Have: Experience working for a Salesforce consulting partner or ISV with exposure to co-selling motions and partner programs. Deep understanding of Salesforce Clouds such as Commerce, Marketing, Data, or Health Cloud. Proven track record of achieving or exceeding multi-million-dollar sales quotas in professional services or SaaS. Familiarity with Salesforce tools like Partner Community, Slack, and Sales Cloud for managing pipeline and collaboration. Prior success building relationships within the Salesforce ecosystem, including Partner Alliances and Account Executives. Experience in solution-based selling, crafting client roadmaps, or scoping digital transformation initiatives. Strong industry knowledge in retail, consumer goods, or health & life sciences to align technology with business impact. What we offer in return Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Сlear career path and a performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring and knowledge sharing; Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans; Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support on every stage and level; Culture of Success: Culture of collaboration that encourages innovation every step of the way; 8 offices spanning four continents bring diverse perspectives that drive tangible results for our clients worldwide. Why work for Astound Digital? Whether you’re working directly with our world-renowned clients or with your Astound colleagues from around the globe, you will shape the future of digital commerce, using emerging technologies and innovative approaches. Grow your career with Astound Digital, and discover exciting opportunities while doing the work you love! #LI-TS1 #L1-REMOTE"	"https://findwork.dev/XzZbo9X/account-executive-salesforce-at-global-career-website"		"b34b0828e39ce850f3fca12b946410a3ae72a1acef931afb2ba9ef9786a37130"	"2026-04-16 14:49:25.042"	"2026-04-16 14:49:25.044"			"Astound Digital seeks a Sales Consultant to drive digital transformation through Salesforce solutions. The role involves consultative sales, co-selling with partners, and delivering tailored strategies for enterprise clients. The ideal candidate will build executive relationships and maximize long-term customer value."		"{""Drive consultative sales cycles — own the end-to-end process from prospecting and qualification to proposal and close."",""Sell Astound's full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers."",""Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals."",""Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions."",""Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes."",""Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value."",""Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale."",""Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads.""}"	"{""3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions)."",""Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud)."",""Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution."",""Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively."",""Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders."",""Self-starter mindset with a passion for digital transformation and innovative technology solutions."",""Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field preferred.""}"	"{""Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Clear career path, performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring, and knowledge sharing."",""Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans."",""Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support."",""Culture of Success: Collaborative culture encouraging innovation; 8 offices spanning four continents for diverse perspectives.""}"	"{""Partner Community"",Slack,""Sales Cloud"",""Commerce Cloud"",""Marketing Cloud"",""Data Cloud"",""Health Cloud"",salesforce,net}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/6de34d33d3e85df584b246138354a194d73a8b2c.jpg"
"cmo1liprk002k2i2e1oq5qxna"	"MdVL4Jn"	"findwork"	"Director, CRM and Lifecycle Marketing"	"Beachbody"		"BODi is on a mission to build the Health Esteem Category! Having just launched a new brand (from Beachbody to BODi), a new platform, and a new app where fitness and nutrition is supported by positive mindset content, BODi breaks from the fitness and diet industry and ushers in the era of Health Esteem. Health Esteem specifically rejects the legacy fitness and diet industry playbook of pursuing a healthy lifestyle based on self-criticism – a playbook Beachbody used to abide by. But after observing the uptick in mental health challenges since the pandemic and seeing that 74% of Americans remain overweight or obese today, despite the efforts of the fitness industry, BODi had to make a change. The Director of CRM & Lifecycle Marketing drives the strategy and performance of BODi’s lifecycle ecosystem across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels, with accountability for activation, retention, customer lifetime value, and recurring revenue growth. This role leads the development of programs that help new members quickly build momentum on the platform, strengthen ongoing engagement with workouts and supplements, and increase multi-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Reporting to the VP of CRM, the Director designs lifecycle strategies that reinforce habit formation, encourage consistent product usage, and reduce churn through well-timed, behavior-driven engagement and monetization programs. Working closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics, this role uses customer behavior and performance insights to continuously improve onboarding, increase repeat purchase, and strengthen long-term subscription retention. Team Leadership & Operations Lead and develop the CRM and lifecycle marketing team, setting strategy and guiding execution across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels. Own lifecycle campaign planning and the cross-channel messaging calendar to support acquisition, onboarding, engagement, and retention. Oversee CRM platform architecture and operations, including segmentation frameworks, taxonomy, automation logic, and system organization. Own the relationship with CRM technology platforms (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and ensure tools are optimized for scale, personalization, and automation. Partner closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics teams to align lifecycle programs with broader customer growth and revenue objectives. Lifecycle Strategy & Execution Define and execute lifecycle strategy that increases activation, engagement, retention, and cross-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Optimize onboarding journeys to accelerate time to first workout and drive early habit formation. Develop lifecycle programs that connect supplements, fitness programs, and membership benefits to increase multi-product adoption and customer lifetime value. Build engagement loops using milestones, streaks, and rewards that reinforce consistent product usage and long-term platform engagement. Design behavioral messaging triggered by inactivity, milestones, and product usage signals to reduce churn and drive re-engagement. Implement dynamic and personalized messaging based on workout behavior, purchase history, and customer goals. ​ Monetization & Customer Value Own lifecycle-driven revenue across subscriptions, supplements, and cross-category adoption. Increase LTV by driving repeat purchase, subscription retention, and multi-product engagement. Develop targeted upsell, cross-sell, and bundle strategies across lifecycle touchpoints. Partner with e-commerce and merchandising teams to activate lifecycle programs that support launches, promotions, and key revenue moments. ​ Analytics & Optimization Establish lifecycle performance frameworks and dashboards to track engagement, retention, revenue contribution, and customer value. Own forecasting and revenue impact modeling for lifecycle programs and ensure initiatives deliver against growth targets. Lead a structured experimentation roadmap across onboarding, engagement, retention, and upsell journeys. Partner with data science and analytics teams to implement predictive churn modeling and advanced lifecycle segmentation strategies. ​ Requirements: 8–12+ years in CRM, lifecycle marketing, retention, or customer marketing, including leadership experience owning multi-channel lifecycle programs. Shopify experience required, with a strong understanding of how promotions, merchandising, subscription mechanics, and onsite behavior connect to lifecycle performance. Proven track record driving lifecycle monetization, including repeat purchase, subscription retention, LTV growth, and cross-sell/upsell performance. Hands-on ownership of a CRM platform (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Klaviyo), including segmentation strategy, automation architecture, and deliverability/channel health. Experience owning lifecycle strategy across email + SMS (required) and ideally push/in-app, including triggered journeys, onboarding, win-back, and post-purchase programs. Strong analytical ability and comfort with performance measurement: cohort retention, repeat rate, churn, AOV, revenue per user, incrementality testing, and forecasting lifecycle revenue impact. Experience building and managing a testing roadmap (journey optimization, creative/messaging, cadence, offers, personalization) with disciplined learning loops. Ability to translate customer behavior into personalization strategies (dynamic content, behavioral segmentation, lifecycle moments) without overcomplicating the system. Experience leading and developing teams (4–7 direct reports preferred) and operating cross-functionally with Product, E-commerce/Merchandising, Analytics, and Creative. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; MBA a plus. Beachbody, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, religion, creed, age, physical or mental disability, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. We want you to feel safe to be the Whole You – your authentic self – without concern of discrimination, retaliation, or bias. We are committed to fighting for equality, growing our diversity, and holding ourselves accountable for inclusion. Just as our employees, coaches, and partners commit to wellness and helping others, we are committed to creating a culture and community of holistic acceptance and belonging. To all recruitment agencies: Beachbody does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Beachbody employees, or any other company location. Beachbody is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. The applicable base salary range for each role varies based on several factors, including, but not limited to geographic location and job-related education, training, knowledge, and experience. This range may be modified in the future. The pay range for this position is: $137,100.00 - $175,000.00 In addition to your base pay, The Beachbody Company offers a top-notch total rewards package, including a comprehensive benefits suite, an annual bonus opportunity, an employee stock purchase plan, a 401k plan with company match, 12-week Maternity/Paternity Leave paid at 100%, employee perks & discounts, training & career development, and generous PTO. All benefits are subject to eligibility requirements and may vary depending on location and job level. Further information about benefits can be found here Click Link Here . The estimated deadline for accepting applications: 05/04/2026 Applicants should apply at Beachbody’s internal and external career sites."	"https://findwork.dev/MdVL4Jn/director-crm-and-lifecycle-marketing-at-beachbody"		"194c88e0d87c895968e5976ba866e367f2a58f0b78a5b2e511a8c2093d236efc"	"2026-04-16 14:49:57.485"	"2026-04-16 14:49:57.488"	175000	137100	"The Director of CRM & Lifecycle Marketing drives the strategy and performance of BODi’s lifecycle ecosystem across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels, with accountability for activation, retention, customer lifetime value, and recurring revenue growth. This role leads the development of programs that help new members build momentum on the platform, strengthen engagement with workouts and supplements, and increase multi-product adoption."	"$137,100.00 - $175,000.00"	"{""Lead and develop the CRM and lifecycle marketing team, setting strategy and guiding execution across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels."",""Own lifecycle campaign planning and the cross-channel messaging calendar to support acquisition, onboarding, engagement, and retention."",""Oversee CRM platform architecture and operations, including segmentation frameworks, taxonomy, automation logic, and system organization."",""Own the relationship with CRM technology platforms (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and ensure tools are optimized for scale, personalization, and automation."",""Partner closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics teams to align lifecycle programs with broader customer growth and revenue objectives."",""Define and execute lifecycle strategy that increases activation, engagement, retention, and cross-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem."",""Optimize onboarding journeys to accelerate time to first workout and drive early habit formation."",""Develop lifecycle programs that connect supplements, fitness programs, and membership benefits to increase multi-product adoption and customer lifetime value."",""Build engagement loops using milestones, streaks, and rewards that reinforce consistent product usage and long-term platform engagement."",""Design behavioral messaging triggered by inactivity, milestones, and product usage signals to reduce churn and drive re-engagement."",""Implement dynamic and personalized messaging based on workout behavior, purchase history, and customer goals."",""Own lifecycle-driven revenue across subscriptions, supplements, and cross-category adoption."",""Increase LTV by driving repeat purchase, subscription retention, and multi-product engagement."",""Develop targeted upsell, cross-sell, and bundle strategies across lifecycle touchpoints."",""Partner with e-commerce and merchandising teams to activate lifecycle programs that support launches, promotions, and key revenue moments."",""Establish lifecycle performance frameworks and dashboards to track engagement, retention, revenue contribution, and customer value."",""Own forecasting and revenue impact modeling for lifecycle programs and ensure initiatives deliver against growth targets."",""Lead a structured experimentation roadmap across onboarding, engagement, retention, and upsell journeys."",""Partner with data science and analytics teams to implement predictive churn modeling and advanced lifecycle segmentation strategies.""}"	"{""8–12+ years in CRM, lifecycle marketing, retention, or customer marketing, including leadership experience owning multi-channel lifecycle programs."",""Shopify experience required, with a strong understanding of how promotions, merchandising, subscription mechanics, and onsite behavior connect to lifecycle performance."",""Proven track record driving lifecycle monetization, including repeat purchase, subscription retention, LTV growth, and cross-sell/upsell performance."",""Hands-on ownership of a CRM platform (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Klaviyo), including segmentation strategy, automation architecture, and deliverability/channel health."",""Experience owning lifecycle strategy across email + SMS (required) and ideally push/in-app, including triggered journeys, onboarding, win-back, and post-purchase programs."",""Strong analytical ability and comfort with performance measurement: cohort retention, repeat rate, churn, AOV, revenue per user, incrementality testing, and forecasting lifecycle revenue impact."",""Experience building and managing a testing roadmap (journey optimization, creative/messaging, cadence, offers, personalization) with disciplined learning loops."",""Ability to translate customer behavior into personalization strategies (dynamic content, behavioral segmentation, lifecycle moments) without overcomplicating the system."",""Experience leading and developing teams (4–7 direct reports preferred) and operating cross-functionally with Product, E-commerce/Merchandising, Analytics, and Creative."",""Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; MBA a plus.""}"	"{""Comprehensive benefits suite"",""Annual bonus opportunity"",""Employee stock purchase plan"",""401k plan with company match"",""12-week Maternity/Paternity Leave paid at 100%"",""Employee perks & discounts"",""Training & career development"",""Generous PTO""}"	"{Braze,Iterable,""Salesforce Marketing Cloud"",Klaviyo,Shopify,salesforce}"	
"cmo1lk5rk002u2i2evvbav939"	"XxqgZln"	"findwork"	"Sales &amp; CRM Business Analyst"	"Otis"		"Date Posted: 2026-03-23 Country: United States of America Location: OTCTH: Connecticut Home Offices Remote Location, Remote City, CT, 06032 USA Would you like to join a truly international, talent driven company that values Safety, Ethics, Quality, Innovation and Employee Opportunity? The Sales & CRM Business Analyst plays a key role on the design team, partnering closely with business stakeholders and solution architects to deliver high‑value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams. While the primary focus is a Service Sales Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, the role also offers exposure to a broader suite of enterprise applications. This position is responsible for translating stakeholder visions into actionable, well‑defined features, documenting detailed design requirements, and effectively transitioning work items to development teams for execution. The Sales & CRM Business Analyst position provides the opportunity to learn the workings of a global business and has engagement with local stakeholders all over the world. The role allows one to grow in both business heavy as well as technical and digital skillsets. This role offers the ability to help evolve both business process and technical solutions across unique business streams. On a typical day you will: Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points in order to understand problem statements and recommend ideal technical solutions and system workarounds Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Lead the documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) in the form of Epics, Features, and User Stories Lead Scrum Team “Refinement” Sessions with Technical Stakeholders to summarize Feature’s Design, determine estimates, and complete preparation activities for upcoming Sprint Cycles Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements being introduced into the solution Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents Prepare System Release Notes to be distributed to End Users for training and change management purposes Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to key stakeholders Participate in team retrospectives and help drive continuous improvement What you will need to be successful: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required 2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations Proven ability to facilitate cross‑functional, multi‑geography workshops (international experience a plus) Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills Ability to balance strategic (“big picture”) thinking with tactical execution Highly organized, analytical, and detail‑oriented Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred Experience with cloud‑based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred Additional Comments: Given the nature of the position, applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S. now and in the future without sponsorship. What we offer: We offer a 401(k) plan with a generous company match and an automatic retirement contribution for your future financial security from day one of your employment, you and your eligible dependents will receive comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Enjoy three weeks of paid vacation, along with paid company holidays We provide paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs to support your well-being. Life insurance and disability coverage to protect you and your family. Voluntary benefits, including options for legal, pet, home, and auto insurance. We offer generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits, as well as adoption assistance, to support growing families. Pursue your educational goals with our tuition reimbursement program. Recognize and be recognized! We celebrate service anniversaries and offer spot performance bonus opportunities to show our appreciation. The salary range for this role is $116,000 - $174,000. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may change in the future. Pay within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. If you live in a city, chances are we will give you a lift or play a role in keeping you moving every day. Otis is the world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, and service company. We move 2.4 billion people every day and maintain approximately 2.4 million customer units worldwide, the industry's largest Service portfolio. You may recognize our products in some of the world’s most famous landmarks including the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building, Burj Khalifa and the Petronas Twin Towers! We are 72,000 people strong, including engineers, digital technology experts, sales, and functional specialists, as well as factory and field technicians, all committed to meeting the diverse needs of our customers and passengers in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. We are proud to be a diverse, global team with a proven legacy of innovation that continues to be the bedrock of a fast-moving, high-performance company. When you join Otis, you become part of an innovative global industry leader with a resilient business model. You’ll belong to a diverse, trusted, and caring community where your contributions, and the skills and capabilities you’ll gain working alongside the best and brightest, keep us connected and on the cutting edge. We provide opportunities, training, and resources, that build leadership and capabilities in Sales, Field, Engineering and Major Projects and our Employee Scholar Program is a notable point of pride, through which Otis sponsors colleagues to pursue degrees or certification programs. Today, our focus more than ever is on people. As a global, people-powered company, we put people – passengers, customers, and colleagues – at the center of everything we do. We are guided by our values that we call our Three Absolutes – prioritizing Safety, Ethics, Quality in all that we do. If you would like to learn more about environmental, social and governance (ESG) at Otis click here . Become a part of the Otis team and help us #Buildwhatsnext! Otis is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other protected class according to applicable law. To request an accommodation in completing an employment application due to a special need or a disability, please contact us at careers@otis.com. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"	"https://findwork.dev/XxqgZln/sales-amp-crm-business-analyst-at-otis"		"3a1464d674b329e2b4b2efbf3cbd6641eb9e8d500d5681e368c6bddcec80f4d0"	"2026-04-16 14:51:04.878"	"2026-04-16 14:51:04.88"	174000	116000	"The Sales & CRM Business Analyst partners with stakeholders and architects to design and deliver high-value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams. The role focuses on a Service Sales CRM platform, translating stakeholder visions into actionable requirements and collaborating with development teams to implement solutions."	"$116,000 - $174,000"	"{""Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points to recommend technical solutions"",""Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders"",""Lead documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) as Epics, Features, and User Stories"",""Lead Scrum Team 'Refinement' Sessions to summarize Feature Design, determine estimates, and prepare for Sprints"",""Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements"",""Provide support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities"",""Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents"",""Prepare System Release Notes for End Users"",""Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to stakeholders"",""Participate in team retrospectives to drive continuous improvement""}"	"{""Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required"",""2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design"",""Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design"",""Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations"",""Proven ability to facilitate cross-functional, multi-geography workshops"",""Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity"",""Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills"",""Ability to balance strategic thinking with tactical execution"",""Highly organized, analytical, and detail-oriented"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills"",""Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies"",""Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies"",""Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred"",""Experience with cloud-based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations"",""Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred""}"	"{""401(k) plan with company match and automatic retirement contribution"",""Comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage"",""Three weeks of paid vacation and paid company holidays"",""Paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs"",""Life insurance and disability coverage"",""Voluntary benefits (legal, pet, home, auto insurance)"",""Generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits with adoption assistance"",""Tuition reimbursement program"",""Spot performance bonus opportunities""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics 365"",""Azure DevOps"",azure}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/264e36b3816b5e904d013dadb15e493d549a7b99.jpg"
"cmo1llj4q00302i2e1moscxgd"	"M1pAw5Q"	"findwork"	"Desenvolvedor Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 - Sênior"	"Framework"		"Somos a Framework! Evoluímos grandes marcas em todo o mundo com transformação digital e crescemos continuamente através de agilidade, design e tecnologia. Fazer parte do nosso time é saber que a sua jornada será de desafios reais, de crescimento contínuo e de contato diário com referências em tecnologia. Vem com a gente! *Todas as nossas vagas são abertas para PCDs! Benefícios? É claro que temos! 🍝 Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais 💻 Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais 🚗 Você decide entre vale-transporte ou vale-combustível, no caso de vagas híbridas e presenciais 🏥 Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade ❤️ Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais 💸 Participação nos lucros 💪 Total Pass para se manter saudável 🌎 Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas com cobertura mundial 👶 Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias 👶 Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias 🥦 Desconto em consultas nutricionais 🧠 Desconto em terapia online 🛍️ Clube de benefícios para quem gosta de comprar com descontos 💡 Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT 💵 Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores E não paramos por aí! 🕗 Horário flexível 👕 No dress code 🍎 Nas pausas presenciais, fique à vontade para comer pães, bolos e frutas 💜 Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa. E qual será a sua missão na Framework? Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 , incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript . Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos. Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas. Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro. Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções. Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas. O que é preciso para fazer parte do time? Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 . Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API . Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos. Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software. Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git . Será um diferencial se você: Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas. Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid). Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365. A NOSSA EVOLUÇÃO É CRESCENTE! E, para acompanhar esse crescimento, precisamos de pessoas que agreguem propondo ideias, soluções e desafios! Gostou da oportunidade? Vamos juntos e​ faça parte da nossa história! 💜 #vempraframe"	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAw5Q/desenvolvedor-microsoft-dynamics-crm-11-senior-at-framework"		"66bfd9fe805d27ad656dd83a3206fcfb9fbbb23bbf96671a758a02d1fafee579"	"2026-04-16 14:52:08.856"	"2026-04-16 14:52:08.858"			"Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11, incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Participar da definição de soluções técnicas e colaborar com times multidisciplinares para garantir efetividade nas entregas."		"{""Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11, incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos."",""Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript."",""Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos."",""Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas."",""Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro."",""Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções."",""Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas.""}"	"{""Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11."",""Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API."",""Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos."",""Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software."",""Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git."",""Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas (diferencial)."",""Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid) (diferencial)."",""Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365 (diferencial).""}"	"{""Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais"",""Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais"",""Vale-transporte ou vale-combustível para vagas híbridas e presenciais"",""Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade"",""Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais"",""Participação nos lucros"",""Total Pass para manter saudável"",""Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas"",""Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias"",""Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias"",""Desconto em consultas nutricionais"",""Desconto em terapia online"",""Clube de benefícios com descontos"",""Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT"",""Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores"",""Horário flexível"",""Sem dress code"",""Pausas com pães, bolos e frutas"",""Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa""}"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",C#,.NET,JavaScript,""Web API"",""Azure DevOps"",Git,""Application Insights"",""Service Bus"",""Event Grid"",""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0"",""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 365"",azure,net}"	
"cmo1lmv3g003f2i2ek3ps3lyl"	"MrJep1M"	"findwork"	"Mobile Developer"	"C4Media Inc."		"C4Media, Inc. (HQ Toronto, Canada. Private. Established in 2007), is seeking a Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to join our fully remote, global, fun, and friendly team. As a Mobile Developer, you will focus on execution and delivery, building and maintaining mobile features end-to-end—from consuming APIs and managing state to rendering polished, production-ready UI on iOS and Android. The ideal candidate: Is comfortable sitting between frontend and backend concerns Can take a spec and turn it into a complete mobile feature Understands that most bugs live in data flow and edge cases Is pragmatic about architecture and tooling Takes responsibility for the stability of what they ship What You'll Do Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering. Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states. Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android. Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases. Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently. Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control. Job Requirements Professional Experience, Skills & Education: 3–5 years of professional mobile development experience Strong proficiency in React Native Solid TypeScript skills Experience integrating APIs (REST) Experience with mobile state management (Redux) Good understanding of mobile performance considerations Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences Experience shipping apps to production Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work Only candidates who submit their applications in English will be considered for this role (including resume) Setup Requirements: Able to work in a full-time remote position Reside in Europe Able to work as an independent contractor Able to work in overlap with our core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST) Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year, with an average stay of 4–8 days, to attend our software conferences and annual company meetings Why work for C4Media: Work from home - always: We are a remote-first and remote-always team who has been successfully operating on a work-from-home basis since 2007. And we have no intention of changing that. Travel the world: C4Media offers an opportunity to travel 1 - 3 times a year at our expense to NYC, SF, London, and other fun, global locations for conferences & team building. We also got you covered to add a sightseeing day to the end of the trip! Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, support, and well-being. Check out our core values on our careers page. Learn something new: C4Media&rsquo;s culture is one of learning & mastering. Everyone has a training and education budget for professional growth every year and is encouraged to use it. Make friends across the world: Be a part of a leading, fast-growing international company and build a network of international friends and colleagues for life. Support wellbeing: In an effort to make physical activity more readily accessible, we offer staff an annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness. Generous paid time off: In addition to 25 paid days off in the 1st year and 30 paid days off in every subsequent year, we provide 1 paid day off for birthdays (or a similar special day) and 2 paid days for continuing education."	"https://findwork.dev/MrJep1M/mobile-developer-at-c4media-inc"		"676f576a6436d4c2f4cab1498b83318315c5d617dfcbc74256ec15be8dae518c"	"2026-04-16 14:53:11.018"	"2026-04-16 14:53:11.02"			"C4Media is seeking a Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to build and maintain mobile features end-to-end, focusing on cross-platform delivery for iOS and Android. The role emphasizes collaboration with backend and product teams to implement requirements and ensure production readiness."		"{""Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering."",""Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states."",""Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android."",""Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases."",""Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently."",""Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control.""}"	"{""3–5 years of professional mobile development experience"",""Strong proficiency in React Native"",""Solid TypeScript skills"",""Experience integrating APIs (REST)"",""Experience with mobile state management (Redux)"",""Good understanding of mobile performance considerations"",""Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences"",""Experience shipping apps to production"",""Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work"",""Able to work in a full-time remote position"",""Reside in Europe"",""Able to work as an independent contractor"",""Able to work in overlap with core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST)"",""Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home"",""Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer"",""Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year""}"	"{""Work from home - always"",""Travel the world: 1-3 trips per year to NYC, SF, London, etc., at company expense"",""Annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness"",""Generous paid time off: 25 days first year, 30 days subsequent years, plus birthday/education days"",""Training and education budget for professional growth"",""Support for team-building and company culture initiatives""}"	"{""React Native"",TypeScript,Redux,react,android,ios}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/17fb995e7a02b4dc4e22b1f355ea6e3cf6ff2c15.jpg"
"cmo1lnbrw003g2i2et7fxydah"	"MrJepVM"	"findwork"	"Senior Software Engineer (Product Platform)"	"Veriff"		"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. Our software verifies over 10,000 government-issued documents from more than 190 countries, and this is growing fast! These are millions of verified identities a year and countless people working behind the scenes to help make the lives of millions—and eventually billions—of people safer online. We are a force for good, and we want to be the standard for trust online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will do more than write code—you will help architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact. We are looking for problem solvers like you to ensure this happens. The Platform Area supports cross-domain business needs and processes through a common platform infrastructure. The development and evolution of the Veriff Platform are critical to our success. Our platform allows us to quickly adapt our technology to meet the rapidly evolving identity verification market needs and the strong appetite of our teams and customers to use innovative solutions to identify their customers and keep their communities safe. The Veriff platform is a technical area with lots of business and scalability challenges that are key to Veriff’s continuous success. You’ll help us protect honest people online by: Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications. Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers. Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability. Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design. Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges. You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have: Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards If you're passionate about coding, problem-solving, and contributing to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you! Be part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Elements of Our Tech Stack Backend: Node.js (TypeScript), Python, Golang Frontend: React (TypeScript) Mobile: Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS), Dart (Flutter), TypeScript (React Native) Infrastructure: AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform Data & ML: PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Python-based ML models Why Veriff? We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force. When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include... Flexibility to work from home Stock options that ensure your share in our success Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you! Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see Recruitment Privacy Policy . #LI-FS1#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote"	"https://findwork.dev/MrJepVM/senior-software-engineer-product-platform-at-veriff"		"5ddc57d89a9b42269653c22918e6f94bac44e9bc2155d416ff860153a2b31ccf"	"2026-04-16 14:53:32.634"	"2026-04-16 14:53:32.636"			"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact by ensuring the development of secure, high-performance solutions for identity verification."		"{""Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications."",""Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers."",""Improve automation, scalability, and reliability."",""Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design."",""Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges.""}"	"{""Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications"",""Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript"",""Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system"",""Proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases"",""Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field"",""Ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards""}"	"{""Flexibility to work from home"",""Stock options that ensure your share in our success"",""Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation"",""Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain"",""Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance"",""Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget tailored to your needs"",""Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after 5th work anniversary""}"	"{Node.js,TypeScript,Python,Golang,React,Kotlin,Swift,Dart,Flutter,AWS,Kubernetes,Terraform,PostgreSQL,RabbitMQ,nodejs,node,android,ios}"	
"cmo1lo1yx003p2i2e61mfl4e0"	"npRJLPM"	"findwork"	"Staff Product Marketing Manager - Containers"	"Chainguard"		"The role, in a nutshell: This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. Chainguard is innovative at its core - the products we build are new and different - and articulating our value in a compelling and credible way is essential to our growth. This role requires strong communication and collaboration skills and experience deeply understanding cloud-native software infrastructure products. What you’ll do: Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth. Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges. Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value. Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed. Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers. Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events. Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy. What we're looking for: 5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products. Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively. Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles. Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution. Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner. About Us Chainguard is the secure foundation for software development and deployment. By providing guarded open source software, built from source and updated continuously, Chainguard helps organizations eliminate threats in their software supply chains. Founded by the industry's leading experts on open source software, security and cloud native development, Chainguard has built the largest library of open source software that is secure by default. Chainguard’s mission is to be the safe source for open source. We live and breathe our company values: We are customer obsessed - We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better. We have a bias for intentional action - We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast. We don’t take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) - We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey. We trust each other and assume good intentions - We’re transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions. A few of the benefits we offer: Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs. Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!). 100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck. ∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset. 18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year. If your experience is close but doesn’t fulfill all requirements, please apply. We’re building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring “Chainguardians'' with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with Chainguard’s Privacy Policy . ©2025 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved."	"https://findwork.dev/npRJLPM/staff-product-marketing-manager-containers-at-chainguard"		"57470da1ccd87330f96dcf88008054eed667eb2643ccf343ae7e0df497b7e5b4"	"2026-04-16 14:54:06.583"	"2026-04-16 14:54:06.585"			"This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. The position requires strong communication and collaboration skills, with a focus on articulating the company's value in cloud-native software infrastructure products."		"{""Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth."",""Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges."",""Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value."",""Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed."",""Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers."",""Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events."",""Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy.""}"	"{""5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products."",""Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively."",""Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles."",""Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution."",""Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner.""}"	"{""Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs."",""Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options."",""100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents."",""∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset."",""18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year.""}"	"{containers}"	
"cmo1loz6a003u2i2e8ldmi23v"	"nKJqp7X"	"findwork"	"Product Engineer, Tech Ops"	"Advocate"		"About Advocate Advocate ( joinadvocate.com ) is transforming how Americans access government benefits. Our mission is to drive the time between need and relief down to zero. We have demonstrated significant progress toward this goal by combining proprietary AI-powered technology with expert human care and compassion. This approach provides an unparalleled experience for our claimants and, crucially, supports our government partners by reducing administrative burdens and enabling more efficient eligibility determinations. We’ve proven our cutting-edge AI technology works. Now, we are focused on scaling the distribution of our offering and the operations that support it. This is a unique challenge that requires a combination of high-tech precision and human-centered support. Tech Ops at Advocate At Advocate, the Tech Ops team is the connective tissue of the organization. We sit at the intersection of technology, marketing, and operations, ensuring these functions remain perfectly synchronized as we scale. We are not an IT support desk; we are front-line builders. We operate in the trenches alongside our internal users who work directly with our claimants. Our mandate is twofold: 1. Short-Term Agility: We keep the lights on and the systems humming. When roadblocks appear in production, we are there to patch them and ensure our team can continue serving claimants without friction. 2. Long-Term Scalability: We don't just fix problems; we observe patterns. We recognize recurring operational challenges and build scalable technology solutions that eliminate those hurdles for good. Tech Ops serves at the pleasure of those serving our claimants, empowering them to do their very best work every single day while contributing to our overall mission to drive time-to-relief down to zero. The Opportunity We are hiring for two Product Engineers to join our Tech Ops team. If you join us, these are some of the projects you will likely own: The End-to-End Journey Workbench. This is one of our most ambitious initiatives. We are building a centralized internal workbench to visualize the entire claimant journey, from the first ad click to the final case closure. You will build the connectivity and insights to track every onboarding step, Social Security submission, case data update, medical event, and communication touchpoint. This platform will allow us to see exactly where pipelines fail, where they succeed, and what the actual human experience feels like across the entire lifecycle. Building the External Claimant Portal. Today, claimants get updates by talking directly to our case managers. Internal and external user sentiment is overwhelming: we need a portal where users can pull real-time case status, push medical evidence directly from their providers, and receive critical updates. You could own this build from architectural design to user adoption. Engineering the Growth Engine. We are scaling our marketing operations. This involves building data warehouse pipelines to trigger outbound communications via platforms like Iterable, integrating with PPC platforms (Google, Meta, Microsoft) for conversion tracking, and ensuring our attribution models are bulletproof. You will be the primary bridge between engineering and our growth team. AI-Driven Developer Velocity. We want to turn ""I see something"" into ""We did something"" faster than ever. We are building a pipeline that takes change requests from Slack and uses LLMs with full repository context to automatically open a Pull Request for engineer review. We aim to automate the distance between operational feedback and production fixes. Front-Line Firefighting & System Resilience. TechOps is a high-availability environment. While we build for the future, we also protect the present. You will field ad hoc requests and production fires, ensuring our claimants never lose access to relief. You will be expected to master the balance between short-term viability and long-term stability: fixing the immediate issue while refactoring the system so it stays fixed for good. Next-Gen Platform Migration. As our Platform Engineering team builds the infrastructure to support new government benefits, such as Veterans’ affairs, you will lead the migration and integration of our current tech stack onto this new architecture, ensuring zero downtime for our active operations. Operational Digitization & Automation. We still deal with the physical world. You will work on projects to digitize and automate physical mail processing, automate complex government forms, and establish deep observability across all our systems to create a single source of truth for our data. ‍ The Requirements We operate as a high-leverage, specialized unit at Advocate. We are a small team of A-players who value excellence, high availability, and bias for action. We don’t just maintain systems; we are the force multipliers for the entire organization. Extreme Ownership. We need proactive drivers who own projects from gut feeling to production success. You don’t ask ""Are we there yet?"" You build the map and drive the car. You take responsibility for the ongoing success of your work, including opex, user adoption, and long-term stability. User-Obsessed Iteration. Great product engineers don't just read tickets; they build relationships with their users. You’ll talk to our users frequently, bounce ideas off them, and humble yourself to build what they actually need. You treat user feedback and system data as your primary north star. Observability over Guesswork. You believe that if it isn't measured, it isn't finished. You bake deep observability into every system you build so that data, not just opinions, drives our roadmap. By making system health and user behavior visible, you ease the burden of decision-making and allow the team to move faster with higher confidence. Massive Imperfect Action. You have a heavy bias toward shipping. You understand that the perfect tenth iteration is only possible after shipping versions one through nine. You’d rather ship a helpful MVP today and iterate tomorrow than spend a month in a back room building a masterpiece that no one asked for. Optimistic Problem Solvers. TechOps is challenging. Between scaling systems, shipping complex features, and handling a stream of support requests, things get hard. We need people who won't get disheartened, people who will collaborate, iterate, and ship their way out of any corner. The ""Camera On"" Mindset. This isn't a role for the lone wolf developer. You are part of a high-availability, highly collaborative team. You are comfortable being disrupted, you stay available to your peers, and you thrive in an environment where communication is constant and transparent. Technical Excellence in the Age of AI. While AI helps us move faster, you provide the foundational CS principles and architectural oversight that tools can't. You focus on scalability, maintainability, and deep observability. You ensure the systems we build are well-architected, stable, and easy to support when they break. The Support-Build Balance. You have the patience and professional maturity to balance new system build-outs with the reality of ongoing support. You take pride in maintaining a healthy codebase and refactoring systems to ensure they remain reliable as we grow. Trust and Feedback over Process. We value autonomy over control. You are expected to give and receive direct, constructive feedback and be generous with praise when it’s earned. You don't wait for sign-offs or permission; you push forward based on intuition and data. ‍ Tech Stack - Full-stack (TypeScript): TypeScript, React, Next.js, Nx, Node.js, GraphQL — building and maintaining full-stack apps in a monorepo. - Data: PostgreSQL, TypeORM, Redis — schema design, migrations, caching, and query performance. - Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Docker — running and evolving cloud infra and containerized services. - Integrations: Salesforce, Zendesk — CRM and support tooling, APIs, and sync patterns. - Marketing: Customer.io or Iterable, Webflow, paid ads (Google, Meta, Microsoft), conversion tracking — lifecycle messaging, marketing sites, paid campaigns, and attribution. - AI: LLM integration in production — prompting, tool use, RAG/agents, evaluation and safety, and when to use AI vs other approaches. - Quality & observability: Sentry, PostHog, Playwright — errors, product analytics, and reliable browser automation and E2E tests. - Data/analytics: Python, Databricks — pipelines, notebooks, and analytics workflows. Benefits - Comprehensive Health & Wellness: Access a full suite of medical, dental, and vision plans for you and your family, including $0 premium options and FSA/HSA accounts to suit your needs. - Time to Recharge: Balance work and life with 15 days of accrued PTO, 11 paid federal holidays, and dedicated sick leave for recovery and medical appointments. - Family-First Support: We provide 8 weeks of paid parental leave for all parents, plus an additional 2-week flex time transition period to help you ease back into work. - Professional Growth: Invest in your career with a $500 annual learning stipend plus 2 dedicated Growth Days each year to focus exclusively on your professional development. - Flexible Remote Culture: Work from wherever you are most productive. We use Slack and Gather to stay connected across time zones and host in-person team offsites up to six times per year. - Compensation & Ownership: We offer market-competitive salaries with performance-based raises and equity grants, ensuring every employee shares in Advocate’s long-term success. ️ Interview Process 1. Application. Our Tech Ops team will review your application. We’re looking to see how your skills and experience align with our needs. 2. Culture Interview. 45-minute video call with Kyle, Head of Tech Ops. Our goal is to explore your motivations to join our team, learn why you'd be a great fit, and answer questions about us. 3. Technical Interview. 75-minute video call with Kyle and Min, Tech Ops Product Engineer. You’ll choose from a list of current problem statements at the company – things you could very well be working on – and lead us through user interviews, requirements gathering, solutioning tradeoffs, and architecture diagramming. We want to see how you think and experience what it’s like to work with you on hard problems. 4. Company Interview. 30-minute video call with our CTO, Charley. 5. Offer. We’re a match! We’ll make you an offer to join the Advocate team! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/nKJqp7X/product-engineer-tech-ops-at-advocate"		"b181ed03e281b952f017c1543017779b3ad0d050360d2c42a74f57f63255736e"	"2026-04-16 14:54:49.616"	"2026-04-16 14:54:49.618"			"Advocate is seeking Product Engineers for its Tech Ops team to build scalable systems that support the mission of accelerating access to government benefits. The role involves developing internal tools, external portals, and AI-driven solutions while balancing immediate operational needs with long-term infrastructure improvements."		"{""Build the End-to-End Journey Workbench to visualize and analyze the entire claimant lifecycle"",""Design and implement the External Claimant Portal for real-time case status and evidence submission"",""Engineer the Growth Engine with data pipelines, marketing platform integrations, and attribution models"",""Develop AI-driven developer velocity tools using LLMs for automated code generation from Slack feedback"",""Handle front-line firefighting and system resilience in a high-availability environment"",""Lead Next-Gen Platform Migration to new infrastructure for government benefits"",""Digitize and automate physical mail processing and government forms""}"	"{""Extreme Ownership of projects from concept to production"",""User-Obsessed Iteration through frequent user engagement"",""Prioritize Observability over Guesswork in system design"",""Massive Imperfect Action with bias toward shipping MVPs"",""Optimistic Problem Solving under technical and operational challenges"",""Collaborative 'Camera On' Mindset in a high-availability team"",""Technical Excellence in AI integration and system architecture"",""Balance Support-Build responsibilities for existing and new systems"",""Trust and Feedback over Process with autonomy and constructive feedback""}"	"{""Comprehensive Health & Wellness plans (medical, dental, vision)"",""15 days of accrued PTO + 11 paid federal holidays"",""8 weeks paid parental leave + 2-week flex transition period"",""$500 annual learning stipend + 2 dedicated Growth Days"",""Flexible remote work with Slack/Gather communication and in-person offsites"",""Market-competitive salary with performance raises and equity grants""}"	"{TypeScript,React,Next.js,Nx,Node.js,GraphQL,PostgreSQL,TypeORM,Redis,AWS,Terraform,Docker,Salesforce,Zendesk,Customer.io,Iterable,Webflow,Google,Meta,Microsoft,Sentry,PostHog,Playwright,Python,Databricks,llm,node,rag}"	
"cmo1lpfgh003z2i2emmjmmxzw"	"n2YvqwX"	"findwork"	"AWS Certified DevOps Engineer"	"3Pillar"		"We are looking for a highly skilled Senior AWS DevOps Engineer with strong expertise in cloud infrastructure, automation, and modern DevOps practices. The ideal candidate is technically strong, proactive, a great communicator, and brings positive energy to the team. Responsibilities: Recommend best practices for AWS cloud architectures and use of AWS resources Provide leadership in managing AWS resources, and the deployment of AWS resources Manage the Continuous Integration and Release deployment processes (i.e. Bitbucket, GitLab, Github, etc. & Terraform scripts) Manage Kubernetes clusters and related tooling Establish and ensure that comprehensive AWS disaster recovery architecture is maintained and operations are in place that comply with required RPOs and RTOs during business continuity events· Participate in IT/AWS/Azure strategic planning, project planning, and budget planning efforts Establish and maintain strong partnerships with AWS vendors and service suppliers Assist with the update and maintenance of AWS assets to ensure all systems are secure and up to date· Assist with the configuration, administration, and optimization of Enterprise IT monitoring tools to ensure proactive detection, alerting, and resolution of system issues. Partner and guide cross-functional teams to ensure successful delivery of AWS related solutions Qualifications: 10+ years’ experience in AWS and Azure infrastructure and cloud management· 5+ years’ experience with management of AWS and Azure resources· 5+ years’ experience in CI/CD Pipelines and Terraform· Experience with Docker and Kubernetes· Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Python, PowerShell, Bash, etc.)· Prior experience in a senior level role(s) in an IT organization· Extensive knowledge of AWS cloud center operations, network engineering, enterprise applications, security, and production support· Ability to see “big picture” across areas such as private and public hosted infrastructure and services, identity management, security, telecommunications, enterprise storage, big data opportunities, and end user experience· Proficient in AWS cloud native resources· Demonstrated critical thinking skills and ability to plan at a strategic, global level· Strong leadership and technical skills· Ability to communicate complex technical topics to a wide variety of audiences· Prior experience in the Life Sciences industry preferred what is it like to work at 3Pillar: At 3Pillar, we offer a world of opportunity:Imagine a flexible work environment – whether it's the office, your home, or a blend of both. From interviews to onboarding, we embody a remote-first approach. You will be part of a global team, learning from top talent around the world and across cultures, speaking English everyday. Our global workforce enables our team to leverage global resources to accomplish our work in efficient and effective teams. We’re big on your well-being – as a company, we spend a whole trimester in our annual cycle focused on wellbeing. Whether it is taking advantage of fitness offerings, mental health plans (country-dependent), or simply leveraging generous time off, we want all of our team members operating at their best. Our professional services model enables us to accelerate career growth and development opportunities - across projects, offerings, and industries. We are an equal opportunity employer. It goes without saying that we live by values like Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration to create cutting-edge technology AND reinforce our commitment to diversity - globally and locally. Join us and be a part of a global tech community! Check out our Linkedin site and Careers page to learn more about what it’s like to be part of our #oneteam! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/n2YvqwX/aws-certified-devops-engineer-at-3pillar"		"82cf900ff98d80a9c490b2c0816aac6b4be506126d4989d8b6055744dd242879"	"2026-04-16 14:55:10.719"	"2026-04-16 14:55:10.721"			"We are seeking a Senior AWS DevOps Engineer with expertise in cloud infrastructure, automation, and DevOps practices. The role requires technical leadership, proactive problem-solving, and collaboration with cross-functional teams to deliver AWS solutions."		"{""Recommend best practices for AWS cloud architectures and use of AWS resources"",""Provide leadership in managing AWS resources and deployment of AWS resources"",""Manage Continuous Integration and Release deployment processes (Bitbucket, GitLab, GitHub, Terraform scripts)"",""Manage Kubernetes clusters and related tooling"",""Establish and maintain AWS disaster recovery architecture compliant with RPOs and RTOs"",""Participate in IT/AWS/Azure strategic planning, project planning, and budget planning"",""Maintain partnerships with AWS vendors and service suppliers"",""Update and maintain AWS assets for security and up-to-date systems"",""Configure, administer, and optimize Enterprise IT monitoring tools"",""Partner and guide cross-functional teams for successful AWS solution delivery""}"	"{""10+ years’ experience in AWS and Azure infrastructure and cloud management"",""5+ years’ experience with management of AWS and Azure resources"",""5+ years’ experience in CI/CD Pipelines and Terraform"",""Experience with Docker and Kubernetes"",""Experience with scripting languages (Python, PowerShell, Bash)"",""Prior experience in a senior-level IT role"",""Extensive knowledge of AWS cloud center operations, network engineering, enterprise applications, security, and production support"",""Ability to see the 'big picture' across private/public infrastructure, identity management, security, telecommunications, storage, big data, and end-user experience"",""Proficiency in AWS cloud native resources"",""Demonstrated critical thinking and strategic planning skills"",""Strong leadership and technical skills"",""Ability to communicate complex technical topics to diverse audiences"",""Prior experience in the Life Sciences industry preferred""}"	"{""Flexible work environment (office, home, hybrid)"",""Remote-first approach with global team collaboration"",""Wellbeing-focused trimester in annual cycle"",""Fitness offerings and mental health plans (country-dependent)"",""Generous time off"",""Career growth and development opportunities"",""Equal opportunity employer"",""Values-driven culture (Intrinsic Dignity, Open Collaboration)"",""Commitment to diversity and inclusion""}"	"{AWS,Azure,Bitbucket,GitLab,GitHub,Terraform,Docker,Kubernetes,bash,python}"	
"cmo1lquxf00482i2e3zb208ff"	"QP1Vm6M"	"findwork"	"Director, Product Management (AI Agent Platform)"	"Nextiva"		"Redefine the future of customer experiences. One conversation at a time. At Nextiva, we’re reimagining how businesses connect, bringing together customer experience and team collaboration on a single, conversation centric platform. Powered by AI, driven by human innovation. Our culture is forward thinking, customer obsessed and built on the belief that meaningful connections drive better business outcomes. Whether it’s through our signature Amazing Service®, the technology we create, or the experiences we cultivate, connection is at the core of who we are. If you’re ready to collaborate with incredible people, make an impact, and help businesses everywhere deliver truly amazing experiences, this is where you belong. Build Amazing. Deliver Amazing. Live Amazing. Be Amazing. Nextiva is at the forefront of redefining customer engagement with AI-powered communication solutions. We are looking for a Director of Product Management, AI Agents Platform to lead the strategic vision, development, and go-to-market execution of our next-generation agentic platform — enabling intelligent, multi-channel AI agents that deliver seamless communication experiences for businesses. This is a high-impact leadership role driving the evolution of Nextiva’s AI capabilities. You will oversee the product lifecycle for the AI Agent Platform, bridging innovation from our engineering teams with market needs across sales, marketing, and customer success. Key Responsibilities: Strategic Leadership Define and drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, focusing on scalable, modular agentic solutions. Lead and mentor a team of product managers across the AI product portfolio. Partner with executive leadership to align AI initiatives with company objectives and market differentiation goals. Establish clear success metrics for adoption, engagement, and business impact of AI-driven products. Product Development & Market Expertise Deeply understand the agentic AI ecosystem , including intelligent virtual assistants (IVAs), conversational AI, and multi-agent architectures. Identify and prioritize use cases such as payment collection , FAQ support , and transactional agents across communication channels (voice, chat, SMS). Collaborate closely with engineering and data science teams to design and deliver robust, high-performing AI agents. Stay at the forefront of AI innovation — understanding emerging technologies, tools, and frameworks in the agentic and LLM space. Cross-Functional Collaboration Serve as the product liaison between the India-based development teams and the U.S. go-to-market organization. Work directly with sales, marketing, and customer success to translate complex AI capabilities into clear value propositions. Ensure internal teams are equipped to position, demo, and sell AI agent products effectively. Drive collaboration on documentation, enablement, and customer education for AI product launches. Customer & Market Engagement Engage directly with enterprise customers to understand evolving needs in AI automation and customer experience. Act as a customer-facing evangelist for Nextiva’s AI capabilities — participating in client meetings, product demos, and industry events. Build strategic relationships with external partners and platforms in the AI ecosystem. Qualifications 10+ years of product management experience, with at least 4+ in a leadership capacity overseeing AI, SaaS, or communication platform products. Strong understanding of agentic AI systems , LLM orchestration, and enterprise AI deployment. Proven success leading cross-functional teams and scaling products in complex, global environments. Experience working in customer-facing roles; able to articulate complex technology in simple, outcome-driven narratives. Background in UCaaS, CCaaS , or communication-centric software products strongly preferred. Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to bridge technical and business domains. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; MBA or advanced degree preferred. What You’ll Bring A passion for AI-driven customer engagement and automation. The ability to translate vision into strategy — and strategy into execution. A growth mindset and a collaborative leadership style. Comfort operating in a fast-paced, globally distributed organization. Nextiva DNA (Core Competencies) Nextiva’s most successful team members share common traits and behaviors: Drives Results: Action-oriented with a passion for solving problems. They bring clarity and simplicity to ambiguous situations, challenge the status quo, and ask what can be done differently. They lead and drive change, celebrating success to build more success. Critical Thinker: Understands the ""why"" and identifies key drivers, learning from the past. They are fact-based and data-driven, forward-thinking , and see problems a few steps ahead. They provide options, recommendations, and actions, understanding risks and dependencies. Right Attitude: They are team-oriented, collaborative, competitive, and hate losing. They are resilient, able to bounce back from setbacks, zoom in and out, and get in the trenches to help solve important problems. They cultivate a culture of service, learning, support, and respect, caring for customers and teams. Total Rewards Our Total Rewards offerings are designed to allow Nexties to take care of themselves and their families so they can be their best, in and out of the office. Our compensation packages are tailored to each role and candidate's qualifications. We consider a wide range of factors, including skills, experience, training, and certifications, when determining compensation. We aim to offer competitive salaries or wages that reflect the value you bring to our team. Depending on the position, compensation may include base salary and/or hourly wages, incentives, or bonuses. The expected hiring range is $160,000-$300,000. A different level in the job hierarchy may apply to a specific candidate, resulting in a different hiring range. Health - Multiple health plan options to suit your needs, including medical, dental, vision, and telemedicine coverage Insurance - Life, disability, and supplemental indemnity plans Work-Life Balance ️ - Flexible Time Off (FTO) for salaried employees, PTO for hourly employees, Paid Sick Time (PST), paid parental bonding leave, and paid holidays Financial Security - 401(k) with company match, Health Savings Accounts with company contributions, Dependent Care FSA Wellness ‍ - Employee Assistance Program and comprehensive wellness initiatives Growth - Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities and career advancement At Nextiva, we're committed to supporting our employees' health, well-being, and professional growth. Join us and build a rewarding career! Nextiva is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Nextiva participates in the E-Verify Program where and as required by law. For additional information about E-Verify visit USCIS . #LI-MS1 #LI-Remote Founded in 2008, Nextiva has grown into a global leader trusted by over 100,000 businesses and 1M+ users worldwide. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with teams across the globe, we're the future of customer experience and team collaboration through our AI-powered, conversation-centric platform. Want to see what life at Nextiva is all about? Connect with us on Instagram , Instagram MX , YouTube , LinkedIn , and the Nextiva Blog ."	"https://findwork.dev/QP1Vm6M/director-product-management-ai-agent-platform-at-nextiva"		"f89286986a620f3c82037c548e9b9327ad5b758167cb7bb6b331648ea7148843"	"2026-04-16 14:56:17.425"	"2026-04-16 14:56:17.427"	300000	160000	"Nextiva is seeking a Director of Product Management, AI Agents Platform to lead the strategic vision, development, and go-to-market execution of their next-generation agentic platform. This role focuses on enabling intelligent, multi-channel AI agents to deliver seamless communication experiences for businesses, bridging innovation with market needs across sales, marketing, and customer success."	"$160,000-$300,000"	"{""Define and drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, focusing on scalable, modular agentic solutions."",""Lead and mentor a team of product managers across the AI product portfolio."",""Partner with executive leadership to align AI initiatives with company objectives and market differentiation goals."",""Establish clear success metrics for adoption, engagement, and business impact of AI-driven products."",""Deeply understand the agentic AI ecosystem, including intelligent virtual assistants (IVAs), conversational AI, and multi-agent architectures."",""Identify and prioritize use cases such as payment collection, FAQ support, and transactional agents across communication channels (voice, chat, SMS)."",""Collaborate closely with engineering and data science teams to design and deliver robust, high-performing AI agents."",""Stay at the forefront of AI innovation, understanding emerging technologies, tools, and frameworks in the agentic and LLM space."",""Serve as the product liaison between India-based development teams and the U.S. go-to-market organization."",""Work directly with sales, marketing, and customer success to translate complex AI capabilities into clear value propositions."",""Ensure internal teams are equipped to position, demo, and sell AI agent products effectively."",""Drive collaboration on documentation, enablement, and customer education for AI product launches."",""Engage directly with enterprise customers to understand evolving needs in AI automation and customer experience."",""Act as a customer-facing evangelist for Nextiva’s AI capabilities, participating in client meetings, product demos, and industry events."",""Build strategic relationships with external partners and platforms in the AI ecosystem.""}"	"{""10+ years of product management experience, with at least 4+ in a leadership capacity overseeing AI, SaaS, or communication platform products."",""Strong understanding of agentic AI systems, LLM orchestration, and enterprise AI deployment."",""Proven success leading cross-functional teams and scaling products in complex, global environments."",""Experience working in customer-facing roles; able to articulate complex technology in simple, outcome-driven narratives."",""Background in UCaaS, CCaaS, or communication-centric software products strongly preferred."",""Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to bridge technical and business domains."",""Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; MBA or advanced degree preferred.""}"	"{""Multiple health plan options including medical, dental, vision, and telemedicine coverage."",""Life, disability, and supplemental indemnity insurance plans."",""Flexible Time Off (FTO) for salaried employees, PTO for hourly employees, Paid Sick Time (PST), paid parental bonding leave, and paid holidays."",""401(k) with company match, Health Savings Accounts with company contributions, Dependent Care FSA."",""Employee Assistance Program and comprehensive wellness initiatives."",""Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities and career advancement.""}"	"{llm}"	
"cmo1lrlga004d2i2eid0r82cx"	"n98W7kX"	"findwork"	"Senior Product Manager, Fraud"	"Affirm"		"Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Trust is foundational to everything we do. As Affirm scales globally, protecting our consumers, merchants, and platform from fraud —while maintaining a seamless, friendly experience—is critical to our mission. As a Senior Product Manager for Trust & Safety (Fraud) , you will play a key role in building and scaling systems, experiences, and policies that keep Affirm safe for consumers and merchants worldwide. As we expand in both geographical markets and product offerings, your direct role in enabling the scaling becomes especially critical. In this role, you will work closely with a broad set of cross-functional partners across Engineering, Fraud Analytics, Legal, Compliance, Operations, and your counterparts in other Product and International teams. Effective stakeholder management and the ability to navigate complex organizational dynamics are essential. You should be high-agency, comfortable with ambiguity, and confident engaging in technical and data-driven discussions. What you'll do Own Affirm's fraud product roadmap, orchestrating across customer-facing use cases, decision platforms, vendors, and ML models Build scalable fraud prevention infrastructure that supports Affirm’s growth across merchants, consumers, and international markets Drive product development by partnering closely with Engineering, Design, Analytics, Operations, and Customer Support teams Define and establish metrics that provide clear insight into the effectiveness of fraud prevention products, balancing loss prevention, customer experience, and business impact Use data, experimentation, and customer feedback to continuously iterate on risk controls, detection systems, and user-facing experiences Deliver industry-leading fraud prevention solutions by combining strong business judgment with thoughtful product strategy and principled tradeoff-making What we look for BA/BS in a technical, analytical, or quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience Minimum of either: 5+ years of Product Management experience, or 3+ years of Product Management experience plus 1+ year of experience as an engineer, data scientist, or in a technical risk role Experience owning and shipping complex software products end-to-end, including product vision, prioritization, design, and launch Prior experience in Trust & Safety, Fraud, Risk, Payments, Fintech, or another regulated, high-scale platform environment Strong ability to lead and influence cross-functional teams of engineers, designers, and operational partners toward shared outcomes Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate tradeoffs and decisions to senior stakeholders Proven judgment in evaluating product decisions where risk, compliance, user experience, and business goals intersect Comfort working with complex data, dashboards, and experimentation frameworks to drive insight and decision making High ownership mentality with a bias toward action in ambiguous, fast-moving environments Pay Grade - N Equity Grade - 8 Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills. Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.) USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $190,000 - $240,000 USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $169,000 - $219,000 #LI-Remote Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities. We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process. [For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. By clicking ""Submit Application,"" you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein."	"https://findwork.dev/n98W7kX/senior-product-manager-fraud-at-affirm"		"74958b94c077c6d21f0f03306f2782f91f30719d8c530d93f40fa53321a3aa70"	"2026-04-16 14:56:51.8"	"2026-04-16 14:56:51.802"	240000	190000	"As a Senior Product Manager for Trust & Safety (Fraud), you will build and scale systems to protect Affirm's consumers, merchants, and platform from fraud while maintaining a seamless user experience. This role is critical to Affirm's global expansion and involves cross-functional collaboration to develop fraud prevention infrastructure and policies."	"USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $190,000 - $240,000; USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $169,000 - $219,000"	"{""Own Affirm's fraud product roadmap, orchestrating across customer-facing use cases, decision platforms, vendors, and ML models"",""Build scalable fraud prevention infrastructure that supports Affirm’s growth across merchants, consumers, and international markets"",""Drive product development by partnering closely with Engineering, Design, Analytics, Operations, and Customer Support teams"",""Define and establish metrics that provide clear insight into the effectiveness of fraud prevention products, balancing loss prevention, customer experience, and business impact"",""Use data, experimentation, and customer feedback to continuously iterate on risk controls, detection systems, and user-facing experiences""}"	"{""BA/BS in a technical, analytical, or quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience"",""Minimum of either: 5+ years of Product Management experience, or 3+ years of Product Management experience plus 1+ year of experience as an engineer, data scientist, or in a technical risk role"",""Experience owning and shipping complex software products end-to-end, including product vision, prioritization, design, and launch"",""Prior experience in Trust & Safety, Fraud, Risk, Payments, Fintech, or another regulated, high-scale platform environment"",""Strong ability to lead and influence cross-functional teams of engineers, designers, and operational partners toward shared outcomes"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate tradeoffs and decisions to senior stakeholders"",""Proven judgment in evaluating product decisions where risk, compliance, user experience, and business goals intersect"",""Comfort working with complex data, dashboards, and experimentation frameworks to drive insight and decision making""}"	"{""Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents"",""Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses"",""Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge"",""ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount""}"	"{fintech}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Affirm"
"cmo1ltkyr004y2i2ewmvx12da"	"Q4qNOqM"	"findwork"	"Mid Graphic/Motion Designer - Hubstaff"	"Hubstaff"		"Role summary We’re looking for a mid-level designer who blends motion graphics, video editing, and solid graphic design craft. You’ll create launch videos, micro-interactions for the website, ad cutdowns, social assets, and print-ready deliverables. This role is part-time (≈20 hrs/week), remote, and collaborates closely with Marketing, UX, and Web/Front-end to support A/B tests, design-system consistency, and brand growth. Key responsibilities Produce and edit short product walkthroughs, feature clips, and explainer videos (script → storyboard → edit → sound polish → export). Design web and social motion assets (hero loops, Lottie/Rive micro-interactions, component hover states) aligned to the design system. Prepare multi-variant creatives for A/B tests (length, opener frame, CTAs, static vs motion), and deliver cleanly labeled asset kits. Create design pieces and art finalization for digital: layouts, correct color spaces, bleeds/dielines, ink limits, preflight, retina exports, and usage-rights tracking. Optimize for performance and accessibility (file-size budgets, captions, safe areas, prefers-reduced-motion alternatives). Maintain organized libraries/templates; contribute motion guidelines to the design system. Partner with Web/Front-end on specs and handoff (Lottie JSON, SVG sprites, aspect ratios, compression). QA across breakpoints, densities, browsers, and platforms; document changes and versions. Light analytics collaboration: read basic experiment results to iterate (e.g., thumb-stop rate, click-through, scroll depth). Required experience 3–5 years in motion design + video editing + graphic design (agency or in-house). Portfolio that shows: product videos, UI/micro-interaction work, social/ad cutdowns, and web design / illustration projects. Hands-on art-finalization. Experience producing assets for websites and paid social; comfort resizing to multiple aspect ratios. Working with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Dev). Fluent English is required. You’ll write specs in English, record video updates, discuss feedback on Slack/Jira/Notion, and join live reviews across time zones. Based in LATAM; able to collaborate within UTC-5 (±2 hours). Tools & stack Motion & editing: After Effects, Premiere Pro (or DaVinci Resolve), Media Encoder; expressions a plus. Animation delivery: Lottie/Bodymovin, Rive; SVG animation basics; ffmpeg/HandBrake/Shutter Encoder. Design: Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop; color management and export workflows. 3D (nice-to-have): Blender or Cinema 4D. Collab & handoff: Slack, Notion/Jira, Google Drive; basic HTML/CSS understanding for specs. Perf/QA utilities: SVGO, TinyPNG, GIF/WebM/MP4 export presets; subtitles/captions tools. Analytics awareness (nice-to-have): GA4, PostHog or similar to interpret basic test outcomes. Nice-to-haves Sound design/VO cleanup, thumbnail strategy, 3D product comps. Scripting (AE expressions/Exte`ndScript), Rive state machines, or simple GSAP familiarity. Experience in B2B SaaS or tech. Illustration skills. Logistics Part-time contractor (~20 hrs/week), remote in LATAM. Reliable workstation for motion work and stable internet. Availability for a weekly check-in and async updates."	"https://findwork.dev/Q4qNOqM/mid-graphicmotion-designer-hubstaff-at-hubstaff"	"contract"	"d01b95016822e2f8bbbc7399146869b52b1461f80231fa3f5f81a8b541591ccb"	"2026-04-16 14:58:24.481"	"2026-04-16 14:58:24.483"			"We’re seeking a mid-level designer with expertise in motion graphics, video editing, and graphic design to create launch videos, micro-interactions, ad cutdowns, and print-ready assets. The role is part-time (~20 hrs/week), remote, and involves collaboration with Marketing, UX, and Web/Front-end teams to support A/B tests, design-system consistency, and brand growth."		"{""Produce and edit short product walkthroughs, feature clips, and explainer videos (script → storyboard → edit → sound polish → export)."",""Design web and social motion assets (hero loops, Lottie/Rive micro-interactions, component hover states) aligned to the design system."",""Prepare multi-variant creatives for A/B tests (length, opener frame, CTAs, static vs motion), and deliver cleanly labeled asset kits."",""Create design pieces and art finalization for digital: layouts, correct color spaces, bleeds/dielines, ink limits, preflight, retina exports, and usage-rights tracking."",""Optimize for performance and accessibility (file-size budgets, captions, safe areas, prefers-reduced-motion alternatives)."",""Maintain organized libraries/templates; contribute motion guidelines to the design system."",""Partner with Web/Front-end on specs and handoff (Lottie JSON, SVG sprites, aspect ratios, compression)."",""QA across breakpoints, densities, browsers, and platforms; document changes and versions."",""Light analytics collaboration: read basic experiment results to iterate (e.g., thumb-stop rate, click-through, scroll depth).""}"	"{""3–5 years in motion design + video editing + graphic design (agency or in-house)."",""Portfolio showing product videos, UI/micro-interaction work, social/ad cutdowns, and web design / illustration projects."",""Hands-on art-finalization experience."",""Experience producing assets for websites and paid social; comfort resizing to multiple aspect ratios."",""Working with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Dev)."",""Fluent English required (write specs, record video updates, discuss feedback on Slack/Jira/Notion, join live reviews across time zones)."",""Based in LATAM; able to collaborate within UTC-5 (±2 hours).""}"	"{""Part-time remote work (~20 hrs/week)."",""Collaboration with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Web/Front-end)."",""Contribution to design-system development.""}"	"{""After Effects"",""Premiere Pro"",""DaVinci Resolve"",""Media Encoder"",Lottie,Bodymovin,Figma,Illustrator,Photoshop,Blender,""Cinema 4D"",Slack,Notion,Jira,""Google Drive"",SVGO,TinyPNG,ffmpeg,HandBrake,""Shutter Encoder"",GA4,PostHog,accessibility}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Hubstaff"
"cmo1lwl9r005o2i2efay7mgas"	"M1pAJ5Q"	"findwork"	"Content Reviewer - US"	"TELUS Digital"		"Looking for a freelance opportunity where you can make an impact on technology from the comfort of your home? If you are dynamic, tech-savvy, and always online to learn more, this part-time flexible project is the perfect fit for you! A Day in the Life of a Content Reviewer - US : In this role, you&rsquo;ll be analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other types of information for top search engines, using an online tool Through reviewing and rating search results for relevance and quality, you&rsquo;ll be helping to improve the overall user experience for millions of search engine users, including yourself. Join our team today and start putting your skills to work for one of the world's leading search engines. The estimated hourly earnings for this role are 14 USD per hour. Please note only one member per household can work on this program. If at a later stage it is identified that more than one person in your household is working on the TELUS Digital Rating Program, it will result in removal from the program. TELUS Digital AI Community Our global AI Community is a vibrant network of 1 million+ contributors from diverse backgrounds who help our customers collect, enhance, train, translate, and localize content to build better AI models. Become part of our growing community and make an impact supporting the machine learning models of some of the world&rsquo;s largest brands. Qualification path No previous professional experience is required to apply to this role, however, working on this project will require you to pass the basic requirements and go through a standard assessment process. This is a part-time long-term project and your work will be subject to our standard quality assurance checks during the term of this agreement. Basic Requirements Working as a freelancer with excellent communication skills in English Being a resident in the United States for the last 3 consecutive years and having familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in the US. Active use of Gmail and other forms of social media and experience in the use of web browsers to navigate and interact with a variety of content Daily access to a broadband internet connection, a smartphone (Android 5.0, iOS 14 or higher), and a personal computer to work on. Assessment In order to be hired into the program, you&rsquo;ll take a language assessment and an open book qualification exam that will determine your suitability for the position and complete ID verification. Don&rsquo;t worry, our team will provide you with guidelines and learning materials before your exam. You will be required to complete the exam in a specific timeframe but at your convenience! Equal Opportunity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for a contractual relationship without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. At TELUS Digital AI, we are proud to offer equal opportunities and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive community. All aspects of selection are based on applicants&rsquo; qualifications, merits, competence, and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity."	"https://findwork.dev/M1pAJ5Q/content-reviewer-us-at-telus-digital"	"contract"	"c8732283cf333ac0dc32a3a243742d6ccb30b462dc4479d148bad26b82bf7e6f"	"2026-04-16 15:00:44.845"	"2026-04-16 15:00:44.847"	29120	29120	"This part-time freelance role involves analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other content for top search engines using an online tool. The goal is to improve the relevance and quality of search results, enhancing the user experience for millions of search engine users."	"14 USD per hour"	"{""Analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other types of information"",""Reviewing and rating search results for relevance and quality"",""Helping improve the overall user experience for search engine users""}"	"{""Excellent communication skills in English"",""Resident in the United States for the last 3 consecutive years"",""Familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in the US"",""Active use of Gmail and other forms of social media"",""Experience using web browsers to navigate and interact with content"",""Daily access to a broadband internet connection, a smartphone (Android 5.0, iOS 14 or higher), and a personal computer"",""Passing a language assessment and open-book qualification exam""}"	"{""Part of a global AI Community with 1 million+ contributors"",""Opportunity to impact machine learning models for leading brands"",""Flexible part-time long-term project""}"	"{ios,android,figma}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/abe2220ad2b622fbd3fa5ca96efb2fa728bbf741.jpg"
"cmo1lx1hf005t2i2ed9w2hpkm"	"Qg6z22n"	"findwork"	"Machine Learning Engineer, Physical AI"	"Encord"		"About us At Encord, we're building the AI infrastructure of the future. The biggest challenge AI companies face today is not half as glamorous as the outside world may think: it's all about data quality. In fact, the success of any AI application today relies on the quality of a model's training data — and for 95% of teams, this essential step is both the most costly, and the most time-consuming, in getting their product to market. As ex-computer scientists, physicists, and quants, we felt first-hand how the lack of tools to prepare quality training data was impeding the progress of building AI. AI today is what the early days of computing or the internet were like, where the potential of the technology is clear, but the tools and processes surrounding it are still primitive, preventing the next generation of applications. This is why we started Encord. We are a talented and ambitious team of 90+, working at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, backed by top investors, including CRV and Y Combinator, leading industry executives like Luc Vincent, former VP of AI at Meta, and other top Bay Area leaders in AI. We are one the fastest growing companies in our space, and consistently rated as the best tool in the market by our customers. We have big plans ahead and are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join us our ML team. The Role We are looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to help us conduct research on the state of the art of computer vision and solve multifaceted algorithmic problems. You will: Experiment with and adapt latest ML technologies to fit into existing tech stack Solve idiosyncratic statistical, geometric, and engineering problems Work closely with a full stack tech team to assist implementation of research solutions into the product Contribute to hiring additional talent to our rapidly growing team The role will be exposed to a broad tech stack (e.g. ReactJS, Python, REST & GraphQL, OpenCV, PyTorch, GCP, AWS & CUDA, Kubernetes) and the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning. Qualifications The right candidate will have a proven track record of relevant publications and previous experience managing applied research teams. Requirements for the role include: Passion for solving ML problems Strong experience in Python and machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Fast.ai , and Keras Strong experience in mathematical programming, algorithmic problem solving, and applied machine learning What We Offer Competitive salary and equity in a hyper growth startup. Real opportunities to grow. We’re growing insanely fast and you’ll have all the opportunities for growth that you can handle. Strong in person culture. We're 3-5 days a week in our newly-launched loft office in North Beach. Flexible PTO to recharge. Annual learning and development budget. 18 paid vacation days + federal holidays. Lots of opportunities for travel (all around the US, to London & Europe). Bi-annual off-sites and monthly socials. Health, dental and vision insurance. Encord offers a unique opportunity to be part of a startup with a clear mission and vision. You will get to explore and build services enterprise AI use cases across many different industry verticals such as healthcare, surveillance, retail, agriculture, and many more. Our work is at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, which also includes working on solving unsolved problems within those fields. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"https://findwork.dev/Qg6z22n/machine-learning-engineer-physical-ai-at-encord"	"full time"	"e290dc06ec362010a5bdd9ea100c520cc8954e21aac198eff1c0e74b41ad0738"	"2026-04-16 15:01:05.858"	"2026-04-16 15:01:05.859"			"Encord is seeking a Machine Learning Engineer to conduct research on computer vision and deep learning, solve complex algorithmic problems, and collaborate with a full-stack tech team to implement research solutions into their product. The role involves working on cutting-edge technologies and contributing to the company's rapid growth."	"Competitive salary and equity in a hyper growth startup"	"{""Experiment with and adapt latest ML technologies to fit into existing tech stack"",""Solve idiosyncratic statistical, geometric, and engineering problems"",""Work closely with a full stack tech team to assist implementation of research solutions into the product"",""Contribute to hiring additional talent to our rapidly growing team""}"	"{""Proven track record of relevant publications"",""Previous experience managing applied research teams"",""Passion for solving ML problems"",""Strong experience in Python and machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Fast.ai, and Keras"",""Strong experience in mathematical programming, algorithmic problem solving, and applied machine learning""}"	"{""Competitive salary and equity"",""Real opportunities to grow"",""Strong in person culture (3-5 days a week in office)"",""Flexible PTO to recharge"",""Annual learning and development budget"",""18 paid vacation days + federal holidays"",""Lots of opportunities for travel (US, London & Europe)"",""Bi-annual off-sites and monthly socials"",""Health, dental and vision insurance""}"	"{ReactJS,Python,REST,GraphQL,OpenCV,PyTorch,TensorFlow,Fast.ai,Keras,GCP,AWS,CUDA,Kubernetes,hyper}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/fd8270caf52cdd1093c290cba2176776fc6c3460.png"
"cmo1lyxju00682i2exdkf9s5t"	"nYPD2bX"	"findwork"	"Content and Socials Manager (AI Native)"	"Veridise"		"Veridise is seeking a Content and Socials Manager to own the full content lifecycle across two brands: Veridise (blockchain security firm, 150+ audits, clients include RISC Zero, Succinct, Linea) and AuditHub (blockchain security platform with four proprietary verification tools). This is not a traditional content role. Our marketing team runs an AI powered Content Engine built on Claude and Claude Code. Strategic briefs go in, per channel content comes out. Your job is to operate this system, improve it, and make sure everything published is sharp and on brand. Our internal principle: “Turn any process into AI execution.” We are looking for someone who thinks about AI the same way: not as a writing assistant, but as infrastructure for an entire content operation. You will also coordinate content across four executive voices (CEO, CSO, CTO, CRO) under two distinct brand identities. Editorial instinct, brand discipline, and deep comfort with AI production tools are essential. Reports to: Head of Marketing Location: Remote (UTC+0 to UTC+3) Commitment: Full time Contract: Independent contractor, employee contract option after 3 months Evolution path: Senior Content and Socials Manager Responsibilities Own the full content lifecycle for both brands: editorial planning, production via the Content Engine, publication, and performance analysis across X/Twitter, LinkedIn, blog, newsletter, Telegram, and YouTube. Operate and improve the Content Engine. Validate outputs, iterate on prompts and modules, build new capabilities. Within 6 months, build partner content portals for external collaborators. Coordinate four executive voices into one coherent narrative across two brands. Manage editorial flow so every piece reinforces the same strategic direction. Drive distribution over production. Own amplification: cross posting, community engagement, newsletter growth, repurposing, channel optimization. Contribute to content strategy. Work with the Head of Marketing on editorial direction, campaign concepts, and content pillars. Bring ideas grounded in audience insight. Build community content relationships with ecosystem partners, clients, and technical communities. Required Qualifications 5 to 8 years of proven content and social media management experience at a tech or deep tech company, or agency serving tech clients. This is a senior role. Candidates without a demonstrated marketing track record will not be considered. End to end content operations experience: strategy, calendar, production, publication, analytics. AI native working style. You build with Claude and Claude Code , not just chat with AI. You have redesigned workflows using AI as infrastructure. Solid marketing fundamentals: positioning, audience segmentation, editorial strategy. Excellent written English. Ability to adapt tone across formats: technical blog, social, newsletter, executive ghostwriting. Experience managing content for multiple brands simultaneously. Preferred Qualifications (Nice to Have) Blockchain or Web3 industry experience. Experience coordinating executive thought leadership programs. Community building or developer relations experience. Growth Opportunity Build with AI, not just about it. Our content production runs on systems most marketing teams will not build for years. You will operate and shape them daily. Learn while you lead. Work directly with an experienced Marketing Lead who has built brands across industries and continents. Strategic collaboration, mentorship, and a clear path to Senior from day one. Join a team with real credibility. 35+ professionals, half building proprietary tools, half running audits. Research roots at UT Austin. Clients trust Veridise with billions in value locked. Put your fingerprint on everything. You are joining at the stage where the systems, the brand presence, and the audience are all being built. This is an adventure, not just a job. Work from anywhere within UTC+0 to UTC+3. Why Join Veridise? Work on cutting-edge security research in one of the most exciting areas of cryptography and blockchain technology. Join a team of experts in formal verification, security, and blockchain auditing . Flexible work environment with opportunities to publish and contribute to both academic and industry communities. Competitive salary and benefits. If you’re passionate about formal verification and security, and want to work on groundbreaking research in ZK technologies , we’d love to hear from you!"	"https://findwork.dev/nYPD2bX/content-and-socials-manager-ai-native-at-veridise"	"full time"	"8a50af57b5c21c75aac5940ab122d53f9bf844ef912c1a4edd3d4b326cb29878"	"2026-04-16 15:02:34.073"	"2026-04-16 15:02:34.074"			"Veridise seeks a Content and Socials Manager to oversee the full content lifecycle for two blockchain security brands using an AI-powered Content Engine. The role involves operating and improving AI systems, coordinating executive thought leadership, and ensuring brand consistency across multiple platforms."		"{""Own the full content lifecycle for both brands: editorial planning, production via the Content Engine, publication, and performance analysis across X/Twitter, LinkedIn, blog, newsletter, Telegram, and YouTube."",""Operate and improve the Content Engine by validating outputs, iterating on prompts and modules, and building new capabilities."",""Build partner content portals for external collaborators within 6 months."",""Coordinate four executive voices into one coherent narrative across two brands."",""Manage editorial flow to ensure all content reinforces a strategic direction."",""Drive amplification through cross-posting, community engagement, newsletter growth, repurposing, and channel optimization."",""Contribute to content strategy by collaborating with the Head of Marketing on editorial direction, campaign concepts, and content pillars."",""Build community content relationships with ecosystem partners, clients, and technical communities.""}"	"{""5 to 8 years of proven content and social media management experience at a tech or deep tech company, or agency serving tech clients."",""End-to-end content operations experience: strategy, calendar, production, publication, analytics."",""AI-native working style with experience building workflows using Claude and Claude Code as infrastructure, not just chat tools."",""Solid marketing fundamentals in positioning, audience segmentation, and editorial strategy."",""Excellent written English with ability to adapt tone across formats (technical blog, social, newsletter, executive ghostwriting)."",""Experience managing content for multiple brands simultaneously.""}"	"{""Competitive salary and benefits"",""Flexible work environment"",""Opportunities to publish and contribute to academic and industry communities"",""Collaboration with experts in formal verification, security, and blockchain auditing"",""Work on cutting-edge security research in cryptography and blockchain technologies""}"	"{""Claude Code"",blockchain,principle,claude,web3}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/0fb787c370d314fd0f2128d3195829694b2e3ba3.jpg"
"cmo1m0lf4006m2i2efnr9ls7m"	"Mmj3d4X"	"findwork"	"Head of Platform Engineering"	"Ethena Labs"		"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role As the Head of Platform Engineering, you’ll spearhead the evolution of our scalable, secure, and high-performing platform, driving the infrastructure that fuels our fast-paced startup. Reporting directly to the CTO, you’ll lead a lean team of 1-2 Senior/Intermediate DevOps Engineers and take full ownership of our platform strategy, ensuring it aligns with business objectives and empowers engineering teams. You’ll remain hands-on, contributing as a staff/principal-level engineer to write code, design architecture, and solve complex technical challenges. You’ll collaborate closely with engineering leads and senior peers across the company to advance strategic priorities, enable business growth, and deliver measurable value. Your mission is to advance our infrastructure, proactively eliminate bottlenecks, and cultivate a world-class DevOps culture What You’ll Do Conduct gap analyses to strengthen infrastructure, maintain exceptional uptime for critical systems (e.g., APIs, databases), and enhance monitoring systems (e.g., Prometheus, Datadog) to ensure rapid incident detection and resolution. Own high-priority infrastructure projects, defining clear roadmaps and fostering accountability to deliver outcomes that drive business success and enable company growth. Actively contribute as a staff/principal-level engineer, writing high-quality code, designing robust architectures, and solving complex technical problems to set a high standard for the team. Mentor and develop your team, recruit top talent, and foster a culture of collaboration, technical excellence, and continuous improvement, guided by meaningful performance metrics. Implement robust security practices (e.g., zero-trust models, DevSecOps) and ensure compliance with standards like SOC 2 and GDPR, maintaining a secure and compliant platform that supports business trust and growth. Optimise deployment pipelines to support frequent, reliable production releases and empower developers with self-service tools and standardized environments to maximize productivity and accelerate feature delivery. Partner with engineering leads and senior peers to align platform initiatives with company priorities, driving innovation, enabling new business opportunities, and adding measurable value to fuel growth. What We’re Looking For Extensive experience in platform engineering, with hands-on expertise in cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP), Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform), container orchestration (Kubernetes), and monitoring systems (Prometheus, Datadog). You’re comfortable contributing technically while leading the team. A proven ability to identify and resolve infrastructure gaps independently, anticipate challenges, and drive impactful improvements with ownership and urgency. The ability to craft and execute long-term platform strategies that align with business goals, enabling scalable growth, reducing technical debt, and adding value to the organization. Experience mentoring and scaling high-performing DevOps teams, fostering a culture of collaboration, technical growth, and continuous improvement. Experience in the cryptocurrency and centralized exchange (CEX) trading space, with a proven track record of building highly available, resilient services and architectures using tools like Kubernetes to support low-latency, high-throughput systems. Experience with trading systems is a bonus. Thrives in a fast-paced, resource-constrained environment, with a bias for action, adaptability, and a relentless focus on delivering measurable outcomes. This is a high-impact role for a leader ready to take full ownership of our platform, shape its future, and build a legacy of engineering excellence. If you’re excited to lead transformative initiatives, empower teams, and drive innovation in a crypto-focused startup while collaborating to advance company-wide goals, we want to hear from you. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"https://findwork.dev/Mmj3d4X/head-of-platform-engineering-at-ethena-labs"	"full time"	"ac43ab1fe197b9fc97358eae087f666ca9c3a34485c6c848092c7920a7a07e7c"	"2026-04-16 15:03:51.663"	"2026-04-16 15:03:51.664"			"The Head of Platform Engineering will lead Ethena Labs' infrastructure strategy, overseeing a lean team to build scalable, secure systems for crypto-native financial products. The role combines leadership with hands-on technical contributions to support rapid growth and innovation in digital dollar technologies."		"{""Conduct gap analyses to strengthen infrastructure, maintain uptime for critical systems, and enhance monitoring systems (e.g., Prometheus, Datadog)"",""Own high-priority infrastructure projects, defining roadmaps and delivering outcomes to drive business success"",""Contribute as a staff/principal-level engineer to write code, design architectures, and solve complex technical problems"",""Mentor and develop the team, recruit talent, and foster collaboration and technical excellence"",""Implement security practices (zero-trust models, DevSecOps) and ensure compliance with SOC 2 and GDPR"",""Optimize deployment pipelines for frequent, reliable releases and empower developers with self-service tools"",""Partner with engineering leads to align platform initiatives with company priorities and enable growth""}"	"{""Extensive platform engineering experience with AWS, GCP, Terraform, Kubernetes, Prometheus, and Datadog"",""Proven ability to identify infrastructure gaps and drive improvements independently"",""Experience crafting long-term platform strategies aligned with business goals"",""Mentorship experience in scaling high-performing DevOps teams"",""Experience in cryptocurrency/CEX trading systems and low-latency, high-throughput architectures"",""Bonus: Experience with trading systems"",""Thrives in fast-paced, resource-constrained environments with a focus on measurable outcomes""}"	"{""Work with a successful crypto-native company revolutionizing decentralized finance"",""Flexible, remote-friendly work environment"",""Opportunities for personal growth and learning"",""Collaborate with a passionate, innovative team""}"	"{AWS,GCP,Terraform,Kubernetes,Prometheus,Datadog,cryptocurrency}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/01e1e2e6c56699162e4098ff54e086d7c9aa8b3e.jpg"
"cmo1m13xf006r2i2eqb2c8gd4"	"nZlA2WM"	"findwork"	"Senior Loan Originator"	"Ethena Labs"		"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role The Senior Loan Originator will sit within the team that manages the backing assets of USDe. This role blends traditional financial market expertise with deep proficiency in secured lending digital asset markets. The successful candidate will focus on originating overcollateralised stablecoin loans backed exclusively by tier one digital assets & RWAs. Reporting to the Head of Trading, you will drive outperformance by originating new & incremental business by building new relationships and expanding existing relationships. What You’ll Do Lead the effort to originate loans with new counterparties, meeting strategic goals to scale the total loan book that positively impacts and complements the needs of the Ethena protocol. Serve as the primary owner for Ethena’s secured lending relationships, acting as a trusted advisor to capital allocators and institutional counterparties. Champion within the trading team the potential to grow the secured lending allocation of the backing assets of USDe. Create new & exciting secured loan structures with Ethena’s many partners, from exchanges, to custodians, to brokerages, to trading firms, that fit the risk profile of the protocol to create unique product outcomes. What We’re Looking For Seasoned experience in credit risk, counterparty risk, or financial markets risk analysis. Secured lending background, most recently in digital assets issuing/originating loans with market makers/crypto-native trading firms, prime brokerage, securities financing, or leveraged institutional clients. A strong understanding of the secured lending market in the digital asset space at the institutional, CeFi, and DeFi levels. Proven ability to negotiate lending agreement terms and close complex deals in rapid succession with diverse counterparties. Strong financial and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate collateral frameworks and portfolio exposures to communicate credit views, and progress updates clearly to risk teams, investment teams, and high-net-worth stakeholders.* Comfort working in a high-trust, flat hierarchy that values asynchronous communication and independent creativity. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"https://findwork.dev/nZlA2WM/senior-loan-originator-at-ethena-labs"	"full time"	"b6f92199b8036840143fb1688c40cd0ed5d58ac7e5621b80060ccc95fef36b0a"	"2026-04-16 15:04:15.65"	"2026-04-16 15:04:15.651"			"The Senior Loan Originator will originate overcollateralized stablecoin loans backed by tier one digital assets and RWAs, working with the Head of Trading to scale the loan book and support Ethena's protocol. The role involves building relationships with institutional counterparties and creating secured loan structures."		"{""Lead the effort to originate loans with new counterparties, meeting strategic goals to scale the total loan book"",""Serve as the primary owner for Ethena’s secured lending relationships, acting as a trusted advisor to capital allocators and institutional counterparties"",""Champion within the trading team the potential to grow the secured lending allocation of the backing assets of USDe"",""Create new secured loan structures with Ethena’s partners (exchanges, custodians, brokerages, trading firms) that fit the protocol's risk profile""}"	"{""Seasoned experience in credit risk, counterparty risk, or financial markets risk analysis"",""Secured lending background in digital assets, including issuing/originating loans with market makers, crypto-native trading firms, prime brokerage, securities financing, or leveraged institutional clients"",""Strong understanding of the secured lending market in digital assets at institutional, CeFi, and DeFi levels"",""Proven ability to negotiate lending agreement terms and close complex deals rapidly with diverse counterparties"",""Strong financial and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate collateral frameworks and portfolio exposures"",""Comfort working in a high-trust, flat hierarchy with asynchronous communication and independent creativity""}"	"{""Work with a team established as one of the most successful crypto-native companies"",""Flexible, remote-friendly work environment"",""Opportunities for personal growth and learning""}"	"{net}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/01e1e2e6c56699162e4098ff54e086d7c9aa8b3e.jpg"
"cmo1m1l2n006w2i2eve9cyqe0"	"M3GleKM"	"findwork"	"Full Stack Developer // Pandata GmbH"	"Pandata"	"Berlin, Germany"	"Located in the vibrant heart of Berlin, Pandata provides advanced data solutions to empower companies with data and technological innovation. Our corporate clients trust us with strategy, solution design and implementation. We follow a holistic approach, covering the entire data stream from sourcing to processing and insight generation, using cutting-edge tools as well as custom solutions. We are a fast growing high performance business, built on a solid and stable foundation. We are ahead of the curve in a rapidly expanding market, which makes this an exciting time to join us. We are looking for people who want to tackle new challenges, take ownership of their work and seize this opportunity to make a personal impact. As a highly purpose-driven organization, we exempt 10% of our week from work and dedicate it to personal, non-work-related activities, aiming to fulfill our promise of personal development beyond the traditional scope of the classical business objective. As a Full Stack Developer at Pandata, you will build and maintain software products that power both our internal operations and our clients' businesses. You will collaborate closely with consultants to turn complex business needs into stable, production-ready products — from internal tooling to full client-facing applications. Tasks Design, develop and maintain full stack web and desktop applications for internal use and for clients Work closely with consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into clean, maintainable software Build production-ready products from rapid prototypes to long-running platforms Integrate AI capabilities and agent workflows into products where they create real value Own the full development lifecycle: architecture, implementation, deployment and iteration Contribute to internal tooling that improves how the whole team operates Stack Languages & Frameworks: TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js Desktop: Electron AI / Agents: AI Agent Engineering patterns, LLM integrations Database: PostgreSQL, Supabase Deployment: GCP Cloud Run, Vercel Your Profile Solid experience with TypeScript and modern full stack development (Next.js, Node.js) Experience with or strong interest in desktop app development (Electron) and AI agent engineering Strong sense of ownership — you take a feature from idea to production and care about the outcome Ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders and translate business needs into working software Comfortable working in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical environment where requirements evolve Independent working mentality, proactive attitude and an entrepreneurial mindset Solid communication skills in English Why Pandata? Build a great company and grow with us Take responsibility and have an impact from day one Develop yourself personally and professionally in a highly purpose-driven work environment Acquire a highly demanded skill-set and technical prowess by working on projects with various different data set-ups and tech stacks Work with a highly motivated and smart team, in a professional but human-centered environment Boost your learning curve through intense mentorship and feedback cycles in your first months Enjoy our superb office first culture and profit from daily breakfast, lunch, snacks, hot and cold drinks, Friday beers and a lot more (visit our office chef Josh on instagram) Join our frequent team events and weekly get-togethers Sign up for our strong company benefit program (Public transport or bike subscription, JobRad leasing, language classes, Urban Sports Club subsidization, purpose time) At Pandata we value smartness and motivation over job posting requirements. All applicants will be considered for all open roles."	"https://findwork.dev/M3GleKM/full-stack-developer-pandata-gmbh-at-pandata"	"full time"	"36a4524d3e4a071c8438f34db163841bb249d4654dd5acb5aae10acaf4b646a6"	"2026-04-16 15:04:37.869"	"2026-04-16 15:04:37.871"			"Pandata, a fast-growing data solutions company in Berlin, is seeking a Full Stack Developer to build and maintain software products for internal operations and clients. The role involves collaborating with consultants to translate business needs into production-ready applications, integrating AI capabilities, and owning the full development lifecycle."		"{""Design, develop, and maintain full stack web and desktop applications for internal use and clients"",""Work closely with consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into clean, maintainable software"",""Build production-ready products from rapid prototypes to long-running platforms"",""Integrate AI capabilities and agent workflows into products where they create real value"",""Own the full development lifecycle: architecture, implementation, deployment, and iteration"",""Contribute to internal tooling that improves how the whole team operates""}"	"{""Solid experience with TypeScript and modern full stack development (Next.js, Node.js)"",""Experience with or strong interest in desktop app development (Electron) and AI agent engineering"",""Strong sense of ownership—take a feature from idea to production and care about the outcome"",""Ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders and translate business needs into working software"",""Comfortable working in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical environment where requirements evolve"",""Independent working mentality, proactive attitude, and an entrepreneurial mindset"",""Solid communication skills in English""}"	"{""Exempt 10% of workweek for personal, non-work-related activities"",""Build a great company and grow with the organization"",""Take responsibility and have an impact from day one"",""Develop personally and professionally in a purpose-driven environment"",""Acquire highly demanded skill-sets through diverse projects"",""Work with a motivated, smart team in a human-centered environment"",""Intense mentorship and feedback cycles in the first months"",""Enjoy superb office culture with daily breakfast, lunch, snacks, drinks, and Friday beers"",""Join frequent team events and weekly get-togethers"",""Access company benefit program (public transport/bike subscription, JobRad leasing, language classes, Urban Sports Club subsidization, purpose time)""}"	"{TypeScript,Next.js,Node.js,Electron,PostgreSQL,Supabase,""GCP Cloud Run"",Vercel,chef,gcp,node,llm}"	"https://berlinstartupjobs.com/wp-content/uploads/pandata-logo-80x80.png"
"cmo1m2s7u00712i2ekgbwhxh6"	"XoARWxQ"	"findwork"	"Mandatory Internship in B2B Sales, Partner Management &amp; Operations (m/f/x) // Craftly"	"Craftly"	"Berlin, Germany"	"Craftly is an innovative e-commerce company in the DIY spirits and gifting space. We combine creativity with technology, always striving to stay one step ahead. Join our dedicated and friendly team in Berlin, Kreuzberg, and help us grow smartly and sustainably, creating memorable DIY experiences for our customers worldwide. Please note that we are only considering candidates who are available to start between June 15 and July 15. Tasks Support the B2B sales team with customer communication, quotes, and order processing. Coordinate logistics to ensure smooth shipping for wholesale customers. Plan and track deliveries, manage schedules, and liaise with external logistics partners. Analyze orders, assist with forecasting, and monitor inventory levels. Bring your own ideas to develop and implement new product concepts and improvements. Bring your ideas to optimize workflows and improve efficiency. Requirements You are a student (m/f/d) in a relevant field (e.g., Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain, Sales). The internship must be a mandatory part of your Bachelor’s or Master’s program. You have an interest in sales, logistics, production, and CRM. You are proactive, team-oriented, and a strong communicator. You have excellent German and English skills. You are comfortable with common office tools (Word, Excel, etc.) and ideally familiar with Google Workspace. Previous experience in sales is a plus. You are motivated, self-driven, and able to organize your tasks independently while taking responsibility for your results. Benefits Insight into a dynamic, international e-commerce company and its fast-paced operations. Real responsibility from day one – your work truly matters. A small, dedicated team with short decision-making paths and plenty of collaboration. Flexible working hours and the option to work from home. A modern, supportive company culture – we value working smart over working hard, foster collaboration instead of competition, and base everything on openness and respect. Opportunity for a permanent position or extended student/trainee role after your initial engagement. If you’re eager to learn, take ownership, and grow with a creative and forward-thinking team, we’d love to hear from you!"	"https://findwork.dev/XoARWxQ/mandatory-internship-in-b2b-sales-partner-management-amp-operations-mfx-craftly-at-craftly"		"002e5b798f3f1c7ca01e24a042d44a2765570cbcb607692ef5c3fd464e005488"	"2026-04-16 15:05:33.785"	"2026-04-16 15:05:33.786"			"Craftly, an innovative e-commerce company in the DIY spirits and gifting space, is seeking a student intern to support the B2B sales team, coordinate logistics, and contribute to product development and workflow optimization. The role involves hands-on responsibilities in order processing, inventory management, and collaboration with logistics partners."		"{""Support the B2B sales team with customer communication, quotes, and order processing"",""Coordinate logistics to ensure smooth shipping for wholesale customers"",""Plan and track deliveries, manage schedules, and liaise with external logistics partners"",""Analyze orders, assist with forecasting, and monitor inventory levels"",""Bring your own ideas to develop and implement new product concepts and improvements"",""Bring your ideas to optimize workflows and improve efficiency""}"	"{""You are a student (m/f/d) in a relevant field (e.g., Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain, Sales)"",""The internship must be a mandatory part of your Bachelor’s or Master’s program"",""You have an interest in sales, logistics, production, and CRM"",""You are proactive, team-oriented, and a strong communicator"",""You have excellent German and English skills"",""You are comfortable with common office tools (Word, Excel, etc.) and ideally familiar with Google Workspace"",""Previous experience in sales is a plus"",""You are motivated, self-driven, and able to organize your tasks independently while taking responsibility for your results""}"	"{""Insight into a dynamic, international e-commerce company and its fast-paced operations"",""Real responsibility from day one – your work truly matters"",""A small, dedicated team with short decision-making paths and plenty of collaboration"",""Flexible working hours and the option to work from home"",""A modern, supportive company culture – we value working smart over working hard, foster collaboration instead of competition, and base everything on openness and respect"",""Opportunity for a permanent position or extended student/trainee role after your initial engagement""}"	"{""Microsoft Word"",""Microsoft Excel"",""Google Workspace""}"	"https://berlinstartupjobs.com/wp-content/uploads/craftly-logo-80x80.jpeg"
"cmo1m2v9900782i2ezjp3t8f1"	"MNN02lM"	"findwork"	"Engineering Manager I/II, Infrastructure &amp; DevOps"	"StackAdapt"		"StackAdapt is the leading technology company that empowers marketers to reach, engage, and convert audiences with precision. With 465 billion automated optimizations per second, the AI-powered StackAdapt Marketing Platform seamlessly connects brand and performance marketing to drive measurable results across the entire customer journey. The most forward-thinking marketers choose StackAdapt to orchestrate high-impact campaigns across programmatic advertising and marketing channels. About the Team: We’re hiring an Engineering Manager to lead our Infrastructure / DevOps team, responsible for the delivery, operational health, and execution of infrastructure work that supports critical production systems across the organization. This role requires a strong technical foundation to guide decisions and support the team, but success is driven by effective prioritization, clear direction, and people leadership—rather than individual contribution. What You'll Be Doing: Lead, coach, and support a team of Infrastructure / DevOps engineers, fostering growth, sustainable workloads, and long-term engagement Own planning and delivery for the team, ensuring priorities are clear, commitments are met, and ownership is well-defined Be accountable for system reliability, incident response practices, and post-incident follow-ups that drive measurable improvements over time Provide technical oversight by reviewing designs, guiding architectural decisions, and helping the team navigate trade-offs Ensure documentation, runbooks, and operational standards are consistently maintained and evolved Act as the primary point of accountability when partnering with cross-functional teams, enabling infrastructure work that supports the broader organization What You'll Bring to the Table: Experience managing engineers in a people leadership role A background in Infrastructure, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering Hands-on experience operating production systems in AWS Strong working knowledge of Linux, Kubernetes, and containerized systems Experience with infrastructure as code, with Terraform required Comfort leading teams through incidents and operational challenges with a focus on learning and improvement StackAdapter's Enjoy: Highly competitive salary Retirement/ 401K/ Pension Savings globally Competitive Paid time off packages including birthday's off! Access to a comprehensive mental health care program Health benefits from day one of employment Work from home reimbursements Optional global WeWork membership for those who want a change from their home office and hubs in London and Toronto Robust training and onboarding program Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, books etc) Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications to support continuous learning An awesome parental leave program A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture Our social and team events! StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know. We use artificial intelligence (AI) to streamline the resume reviews of candidates and assess their fit based on the criteria outlined in the job posting. We do not use AI to make any final hiring or interview decisions. About StackAdapt We've been recognized for our diverse and supportive workplace, high performing campaigns, award-winning customer service, and innovation. We've been awarded: Ad Age Best Places to Work 2024 G2 Top Software and Top Marketing and Advertising Product for 2024 Campaign’s Best Places to Work 2023 for the UK 2024 Best Workplaces for Women and in Canada by Great Place to Work® #1 DSP on G2 and leader in a number of categories including Cross-Channel Advertising To learn more about our privacy practices, please see our . #LI-REMOTE"	"https://findwork.dev/MNN02lM/engineering-manager-iii-infrastructure-amp-devops-at-stackadapt"		"46b79f1d4f0587bb4804f1052e98d6c018654c79346891a674764d1753952275"	"2026-04-16 15:05:37.723"	"2026-04-16 15:05:37.725"			"Lead and manage the Infrastructure/DevOps team, ensuring system reliability, technical oversight, and cross-functional collaboration to support critical production systems across the organization."	"Highly competitive salary"	"{""Lead, coach, and support a team of Infrastructure/DevOps engineers, fostering growth, sustainable workloads, and long-term engagement"",""Own planning and delivery for the team, ensuring priorities are clear, commitments are met, and ownership is well-defined"",""Be accountable for system reliability, incident response practices, and post-incident follow-ups that drive measurable improvements over time"",""Provide technical oversight by reviewing designs, guiding architectural decisions, and helping the team navigate trade-offs"",""Ensure documentation, runbooks, and operational standards are consistently maintained and evolved"",""Act as the primary point of accountability when partnering with cross-functional teams, enabling infrastructure work that supports the broader organization""}"	"{""Experience managing engineers in a people leadership role"",""Background in Infrastructure, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering"",""Hands-on experience operating production systems in AWS"",""Strong working knowledge of Linux, Kubernetes, and containerized systems"",""Experience with infrastructure as code, with Terraform required"",""Comfort leading teams through incidents and operational challenges with a focus on learning and improvement""}"	"{""Retirement/401K/Pension Savings globally"",""Competitive Paid time off packages including birthdays off"",""Comprehensive mental health care program"",""Health benefits from day one of employment"",""Work from home reimbursements"",""Optional global WeWork membership"",""Robust training and onboarding program"",""Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, books, etc.)"",""Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications"",""Awesome parental leave program"",""Friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture with social and team events""}"	"{AWS,Linux,Kubernetes,Terraform,node}"	
"cmo1m3u07007i2i2e0bm26lbj"	"n2YvywX"	"findwork"	"Senior Director, Product Management"	"Yugabytedb"		"At Yugabyte , we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads. Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte. Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands. Senior Director of Product Management As a Senior Director of Product Management, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping the future of YugabyteDB’s Cloud offerings - Yugabyte Aeon. You'll lead the roadmap, development, and enhancement of Aeon’s features, ensuring they meet the evolving needs of our customers and the broader market. Your work will directly impact the user experience, distribution, partnerships, and growth of YugabyteDB Aeon, reinforcing YugabyteDB leadership in the distributed database space. What You'll Do Lead Cloud Product Development: Drive Cloud features, our commercial portfolio (pricing, plans, BYOC offering), deepening our Cloud ecosystem integration, expanding our distribution through CSP marketplaces Customer-Centric Innovation: Engage with customers to gather feedback, understand pain points, and identify opportunities for product improvement. Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with engineering, marketing, sales, and support teams to align product strategies and ensure successful feature rollouts. Market Analysis: Stay abreast of industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging technologies to inform product decisions. Data-Driven Decision Making: Utilize analytics and user feedback to prioritize features and enhancements that deliver maximum value. What Will You Need to Have Data systems SaaS Experience: You’ve taken database, or similar infrastructure data systems, to market as a SaaS platform; have a deep understanding of the ins and outs of working with CSPs technical and commercial ecosystem Technical Expertise: Strong background in computer science or a related field, with a deep understanding of databases, storage systems, and distributed architectures. Product Management Experience: Proven track record in product management, with experience in both inbound (product development) and outbound (go-to-market) activities. Exceptional Communication Skills: Ability to articulate complex technical concepts to diverse audiences, including customers, engineers, and executives. Impactful Leadership: Demonstrated success in leading the development of substantial features or products that have significantly impacted customers and/or business outcomes. Customer Focus: A strong commitment to understanding and addressing customer needs, ensuring that product decisions are aligned with user requirements. Extra Great If You Have Experience with PostgreSQL/SQL databases Previous experience working on products for developers and operators alike We feel strongly about equal pay for equal work, and transparency in compensation is one way to help achieve that. The cash compensation for this role is market competitive, with a range of $255,000–$300,000 USD OTE . As well as equity (when applicable), and benefits including health plans, retirement plans, and unlimited paid time off (PTO). The pay range for this position is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. The actual pay will vary based on factors including experience, qualifications, and skill level. Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization. #LI-Remote Equal Employment Opportunity Statement : As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit Yugabyte Privacy Notice ."	"https://findwork.dev/n2YvywX/senior-director-product-management-at-yugabytedb"		"9c83065ab194ee2e070b9bfb2eece414ef73457e1a6ae89be2b48920d86647f2"	"2026-04-16 15:06:22.758"	"2026-04-16 15:06:22.759"	300000	255000	"As a Senior Director of Product Management at Yugabyte, you will lead the development and enhancement of Yugabyte Aeon, the company's cloud offerings. Your role involves shaping the product roadmap, driving customer-centric innovation, and collaborating across teams to ensure successful feature rollouts and market alignment."	"$255,000–$300,000 USD OTE"	"{""Lead Cloud Product Development: Drive Cloud features, commercial portfolio (pricing, plans, BYOC offering), ecosystem integration, and distribution through CSP marketplaces."",""Customer-Centric Innovation: Engage with customers to gather feedback, understand pain points, and identify product improvement opportunities."",""Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work with engineering, marketing, sales, and support teams to align strategies and ensure feature rollouts."",""Market Analysis: Monitor industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging technologies to inform product decisions."",""Data-Driven Decision Making: Use analytics and user feedback to prioritize features and enhancements delivering maximum value.""}"	"{""Data systems SaaS Experience: Proven track record in taking databases or infrastructure systems to market as a SaaS platform, with CSP ecosystem expertise."",""Technical Expertise: Strong background in computer science or related fields, with deep knowledge of databases, storage systems, and distributed architectures."",""Product Management Experience: Demonstrated success in both inbound (product development) and outbound (go-to-market) activities."",""Exceptional Communication Skills: Ability to explain complex technical concepts to diverse audiences."",""Impactful Leadership: History of leading features/products with significant customer or business impact."",""Customer Focus: Commitment to addressing customer needs and aligning product decisions with user requirements.""}"	"{""Health plans"",""Retirement plans"",""Unlimited paid time off (PTO)"",""Equity (when applicable)""}"	"{PostgreSQL,oracle,sql}"	
"cmo1m4tnp007q2i2eo5u5gvhv"	"npRJLaM"	"findwork"	"Senior DevSecOps Engineer"	"Klarity"		"About Klarity Klarity (YC S18) is the Enterprise Instinct platform. TL;DR: Series B, $91M raised, 7x growth last year. Enterprises still rely on consultants to figure out how they operate – months of work, millions spent, and outdated before the ink dries. We built a better way. Our AI discovers how work actually happens across every team and application, Structures it into a living Context Graph, and Improves it continuously. ServiceNow mapped 900+ processes in 9 days. DoorDash captured 3,800+ finance operations in 14 weeks, replacing a 2-year engagement. That's not a project. That's compounding intelligence. OpenAI, Google, DoorDash, and Stripe use Klarity to transform how they transform. We shipped GPT-4 document chat within 12 hours of OpenAI's API launch. Speed and quality aren't a tradeoff here – they're the standard. The Role We’re hiring a Senior DevSecOps Engineer to own and evolve Klarity’s cloud infrastructure, security posture, and deployment operations. This is a foundational, hands-on role: you’ll architect multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models, harden our security and compliance surface, automate everything that can be automated using state-of-the-art AI, and ensure our platform can scale reliably as we cater to hundreds of enterprise customers. You’ll work at the intersection of infrastructure engineering, application security, and platform reliability—partnering closely with backend engineers, product, and leadership to make sure that every line of code we ship lands on infrastructure that is secure, observable, and ready for the most demanding customers in the world. Note: We do not require a CS or Engineering degree. We care about your ability to ship, your systems thinking, and evidence of strong execution—whether through production work, open-source contributions, certifications, or battle-tested operational experience. Who You Are Infrastructure engineer with a security-first mindset – You design, build, and operate cloud infrastructure that is secure by default, not secured as an afterthought. You think in terms of blast radius, least privilege, and defense in depth. You’ve built and maintained production infrastructure on AWS (and ideally GCP or Azure) serving enterprise-grade workloads. You know how to make infrastructure reproducible, auditable, and self-healing. You’ve built CI/CD pipelines that teams actually trust, written infrastructure as code that other engineers can read and extend, and designed deployment workflows that make shipping safe and fast. You’ve worked across tenancy patterns – You’ve designed or operated platforms that serve multiple tenants with strong data isolation and can articulate the tradeoffs between shared infrastructure, siloed namespaces, and fully dedicated environments. You understand tenant isolation at every layer: network, compute, storage, and application. You’ve navigated the complexity of deploying the same application across multi-tenant SaaS, single-tenant dedicated, and hybrid (split control-plane / data-plane) topologies. Security engineer who thinks like an attacker – You proactively identify and close security gaps before they become incidents. You’ve implemented secrets management, vulnerability scanning, SAST/DAST pipelines, runtime threat detection, and incident response playbooks. You understand supply chain security, container hardening, and network segmentation at a deep level. You’ve been the person the team turns to when a security incident needs triaging at 2 AM. Well versed with compliance and governance – You’ve worked in environments that require SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, FedRAMP, or similar frameworks and you understand how to translate compliance requirements into engineering controls. You can build audit trails, access logs, and policy-as-code systems that satisfy auditors without slowing down developers. You’ve helped a company achieve or maintain at least one major compliance certification. Ship with velocity and craft – You wield tools like Claude Code, Cursor, and Copilot as extensions of your craft. You use AI to generate Terraform modules, scaffold pipeline configurations, draft runbooks, and automate toil. You’ve built custom workflows around AI-assisted infrastructure development that others on your team have adopted. You believe speed and quality aren’t opposites—they happen together when you’re thoughtful about how you build. Bring energy that elevates the entire team – You see gnarly infrastructure and security challenges as puzzles waiting to be solved. Your optimism, intensity, and passion for craft are contagious. You make everyone around you faster and more ambitious. You create leverage by unblocking developers—through clear documentation, self-service tooling, and proactive communication that turns infrastructure from a bottleneck into an accelerant. Experience: 5+ years in infrastructure, DevOps, or platform engineering with strong security focus What You'll Do Own and evolve Klarity’s cloud infrastructure – Design, build, and operate Klarity’s cloud infrastructure that powers everything our customers use. You’ll own the full stack: networking, compute, storage, container orchestration, databases, message queues, and deployment architecture. You’ll make foundational decisions on service boundaries, resource topology, and cost optimization that shape the platform’s trajectory. Architect multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models – Design and implement the infrastructure patterns that let Klarity serve customers across multiple deployment topologies: shared multi-tenant SaaS, fully isolated single-tenant environments on Klarity’s cloud, hybrid architectures with separated control and data planes, and single-tenant deployments on a customer’s own cloud provider. You’ll build the automation and tooling that makes spinning up a new tenant environment fast, repeatable, and secure. Harden security and build compliance infrastructure – Implement defense-in-depth security across the entire platform: secrets management, IAM policies, network segmentation, container hardening, vulnerability scanning, SAST/DAST in CI/CD, runtime threat detection, and comprehensive audit logging. Build the controls and evidence collection systems that let Klarity achieve and maintain SOC 2 and other industry-specific compliance certifications required by regulated customers. Build bulletproof CI/CD and deployment automation – Design and maintain CI/CD pipelines that make shipping safe, fast, and auditable. Implement progressive deployment strategies (blue-green, canary, feature flags), automated rollback, environment promotion workflows, and infrastructure-as-code practices that the entire engineering team can confidently use. Ensure that every deployment is traceable, reversible, and compliant. Build observability and incident response capabilities – Implement comprehensive monitoring, alerting, and observability across infrastructure and application layers. Build dashboards that give the team real-time visibility into system health, performance, and security posture. Design and document incident response playbooks, runbooks, and post-mortem processes. Establish SLOs and error budgets that align with enterprise customer expectations. Multiply your impact across the engineering team – You’ll be among the foundational infrastructure hires on the team. Build self-service tooling, clear documentation, and developer-friendly workflows that let every engineer ship with confidence. Partner with backend engineers to ensure application architecture aligns with infrastructure capabilities. Benefits: Equity in addition to competitive cash compensation 100% Employer-Paid Medical, Dental & Vision options! Paid Parental Leave $500 Annual Learning Fund $100 Monthly Wellness Fund 401k via Betterment Relocation support to San Francisco Bay Area (where applicable) Office-related Perks: Klarity is an equal opportunity employer. Klarity provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, marital status or veteran status."	"https://findwork.dev/npRJLaM/senior-devsecops-engineer-at-klarity"	"full time"	"57c5e21e2ce23615138bb83391723c756279f749f87120169d12302f4a0af925"	"2026-04-16 15:07:08.963"	"2026-04-16 15:07:08.965"			"Klarity is seeking a Senior DevSecOps Engineer to own and evolve their cloud infrastructure, security posture, and deployment operations. The role involves architecting multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models, hardening security, automating processes with AI, and ensuring platform scalability for enterprise customers."	"Equity in addition to competitive cash compensation"	"{""Own and evolve Klarity’s cloud infrastructure, including networking, compute, storage, container orchestration, databases, message queues, and deployment architecture"",""Architect multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models for SaaS, hybrid, and customer-owned cloud environments"",""Harden security and build compliance infrastructure with SOC 2 and industry-specific certifications"",""Build bulletproof CI/CD and deployment automation with progressive strategies and infrastructure-as-code practices"",""Implement observability and incident response capabilities with monitoring, dashboards, and SLOs"",""Multiply impact across the engineering team through self-service tooling, documentation, and developer-friendly workflows""}"	"{""Infrastructure engineer with a security-first mindset and 5+ years in infrastructure, DevOps, or platform engineering"",""Experience designing and operating production infrastructure on AWS (and ideally GCP or Azure) for enterprise-grade workloads"",""Security engineer who thinks like an attacker, with experience in secrets management, vulnerability scanning, SAST/DAST pipelines, and incident response"",""Compliance expertise in SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, or FedRAMP frameworks"",""Proficiency in building CI/CD pipelines, infrastructure-as-code, and deployment workflows"",""Ability to work across multi-tenant, single-tenant, and hybrid deployment topologies with strong tenant isolation practices"",""Experience using AI tools like Claude Code, Cursor, and Copilot for infrastructure development and automation""}"	"{""Equity in addition to competitive cash compensation"",""100% Employer-Paid Medical, Dental & Vision options"",""Paid Parental Leave"",""$500 Annual Learning Fund"",""$100 Monthly Wellness Fund"",""401k via Betterment"",""Relocation support to San Francisco Bay Area""}"	"{AWS,GCP,Azure,Terraform,""Claude Code"",Cursor,Copilot,claude,openai,gpt}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/5d4790f2b102f3fd696a88213e44f23e7083929b.png"
"cmo1m6jnz008a2i2es07u6kig"	"njjB2Rn"	"findwork"	"Graphic/Motion Designer"	"StagePilot"		"StagePilot is adding a designer with strong narrative and motion skills to our Nashville team. You’ll work with our producers and directors to create graphics packages for high profile livestreams, and you’ll design and animate StagePilot’s production reels, product demos, social graphics and website graphics. StagePilot’s clients are some of the most recognized names in entertainment and expect the absolute highest level of creativity, professionalism and discretion. You’ll collaborate closely with StagePilot’s directors, producers and project managers and will be in direct communication with clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are a must. Applicants must submit a link to an online portfolio with relevant work samples to be considered for this position. Responsibilities Design and animate on-screen graphics packages for livestreams and video series Design and animate graphics for StagePilot’s website, production reels and socials Contribute to concept and design development for prospective clients and projects Collaborate with directors to incorporate animated assets into live productions Meet deadlines. Everything we do is connected to an event with a schedule full of deadlines. Required skills and experience 3+ years professional experience with graphic design and 2D motion design or broadcast design Ability to work with varying design aesthetics for different artists, creators and clients Expert Photoshop, After Effects and Premiere skills Excellent file and workflow management skills Video editing and/or color grading experience is a plus Experience with Twitch, YouTube and IG/TT live is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent time and project management skills A love of music, streaming and live events is key to every role at StagePilot! About StagePilot Whether on StagePilot's platform, Twitch, YouTube, socials or beyond, we imagine, produce and host the internet’s most loved livestreams. Clients ranging from Justin Bieber and Charli XCX to PlaqueBoyMax, Amazon and Twitch have trusted us to stream from over 20 countries on 6 continents to millions and millions of fans. Our projects are regularly acknowledged by the Clio, Webby and Telly awards for creative and production excellence. Team members enjoy all the benefits you’d expect from a modern company, including: An incredible group of experienced coworkers Health, dental, and vision insurance Access to health, legal and other support services Generous PTO Matching 401k with 100% vesting on day one"	"https://findwork.dev/njjB2Rn/graphicmotion-designer-at-stagepilot"	"full time"	"e40051f06d8bb3ce77fc1de5dd59d106e63c92d1d109d2820359f047ad69572f"	"2026-04-16 15:08:29.326"	"2026-04-16 15:08:29.327"			"StagePilot is seeking a designer with strong narrative and motion skills to create graphics for high-profile livestreams, production reels, social media, and website content. The role requires collaboration with directors, producers, and clients, with a focus on meeting deadlines and maintaining high creative standards."		"{""Design and animate on-screen graphics packages for livestreams and video series"",""Design and animate graphics for StagePilot’s website, production reels, and socials"",""Contribute to concept and design development for prospective clients and projects"",""Collaborate with directors to incorporate animated assets into live productions"",""Meet deadlines for event-connected projects""}"	"{""3+ years professional experience with graphic design and 2D motion design or broadcast design"",""Ability to work with varying design aesthetics for different artists, creators, and clients"",""Expert Photoshop, After Effects, and Premiere skills"",""Excellent file and workflow management skills"",""Video editing and/or color grading experience is a plus"",""Experience with Twitch, YouTube, and IG/TT live is a plus"",""Excellent written and verbal communication skills"",""Excellent time and project management skills"",""A love of music, streaming, and live events""}"	"{""Health, dental, and vision insurance"",""Access to health, legal, and other support services"",""Generous PTO"",""Matching 401k with 100% vesting on day one""}"	"{Photoshop,""After Effects"",Premiere}"	
"cmo1m7q9m008m2i2etxipcirx"	"nJRwarn"	"findwork"	"Inside Sales - Account Executive"	"Credit Wellness LLC"		"About Us We are a financial services start up focusing on improving consumer credit profiles. We are currently seeking KPI driven sales representatives looking to earn up to 90K while working remotely. We offer comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching to help you meet your financial goals. During our training period we offer a guaranteed training stipend while our trainees are acclimating to the position (*see weekly pay below). If you are a seasoned sales professional looking for the autonomy of a remote position combined with great compensation, we want to hear from you! Compensation This role is 100% commission based. We also offer competitive, performance based bonuses regularly. Training Period - During the first 5 weeks of contracted work we offer a guaranteed training stipend of $1000 (US) or the higher commission. Team members receive whichever amount is greater. Post Training Period: Average first year OTE: 40K-60K (US) Annually Top Rep first year OTE:70K-90K (US) Annually *The above is the average pay you can expect, however, there is unlimited earning potential for those who are financially motivated top performers looking to exceed sales targets. What will you be doing? Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit. We are looking for team members who are: Tech savvy with the ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, google sheets, etc. Our team uses these digital tools daily. Growth oriented and always looking to learn and acquire new skills. Autonomous self starters who can work independently and efficiently. Team players with the ability to implement feedback from their sales coaches. Patient and professional with clients. Finances can be a difficult topic for some clients to discuss. We are looking for individuals who showcase empathy and professionalism especially under pressure! Financially motivated individuals who can meet and exceed sales targets. Outgoing with outstanding rapport building and active listening skills. Can you carry a conversation with anyone? This may be for you! You will need: Home office or a quiet place to work. Strong internet connection. Desktop or laptop ( *Please Note: Devices such as Chromebooks, IPADs and laptops with 8G&rsquo;s of RAM and under will have issues supporting our system) Scheduling Training: The schedule for the first four weeks of our training period is 10 AM - 6 PM EST. *The first week of training is mandatory for all new trainees. If a day is missed you may be asked to restart the first week of training. Post Training: We are currently seeking representatives to work on the following schedule: Tuesday - Saturday (Or) Sunday - Thursday Shift hours to be discussed with our hiring manager based on our company's needs at the time of hire. Shifts are as follows: 7:30 AM - 3:30 PM EST 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM EST 9:30 AM - 5:30 PM EST 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM EST 11:30 AM - 7:30 PM EST 12:30 PM - 8:30 PM EST 1:30 PM - 9:30 PM EST 2:30 PM - 10:30 PM EST 3:00 PM - 11:00 PM EST"	"https://findwork.dev/nJRwarn/inside-sales-account-executive-at-credit-wellness-llc"	"contract"	"c9dbd3a1afa7bb44ae650c35cb75c236191f72a39de3999023315fafb64c1f90"	"2026-04-16 15:09:24.537"	"2026-04-16 15:09:24.538"	40000	1000	"We are seeking KPI-driven remote sales representatives to educate inbound callers on their credit standing and enroll them in services. The role offers a commission-based structure with a guaranteed training stipend and performance-based bonuses."	"Training Period: $1000 (US) guaranteed stipend or higher commission. Post Training: Average first year OTE: $40K-$60K (US) Annually; Top Rep first year OTE: $70K-$90K (US) Annually. 100% commission-based with performance bonuses."	"{""Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit""}"	"{""Tech savvy with the ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, Google Sheets"",""Growth oriented and always looking to learn and acquire new skills"",""Autonomous self-starters who can work independently and efficiently"",""Team players with the ability to implement feedback from sales coaches"",""Patient and professional with clients"",""Financially motivated individuals who can meet and exceed sales targets"",""Outgoing with outstanding rapport building and active listening skills""}"	"{""Comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching"",""Guaranteed training stipend of $1000 (US) during the first 5 weeks of contracted work"",""Performance-based bonuses"",""Remote work flexibility""}"	"{SLACK,""CRM software"",""Google Sheets""}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/83193de65823c42bd79f981bb5946662a3c90a86.jpg"
"cmo1m8qcr008w2i2e8ou75xu5"	"nD53AVQ"	"findwork"	"Senior UI/UX Designer"	"Rabyte Technologies Co.,Ltd."		"🚀 We’re hiring a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of our core AI-powered financial products and drive the global user experience for overseas markets. 💰 Compensation: 30,000 – 50,000 RMB/month * 14th-month+ salary 🎯 You will: Own end-to-end UI/UX design for our AI+Fintech platform (web & mobile) Lead the internationalization (i18n) design strategy, adapting UX for overseas users Collaborate closely with AI engineers and product managers to turn complex financial data into intuitive interfaces Build and maintain a scalable design system and component library Drive user research and iterate based on data insights 🔍 You have: 5+ years of UI/UX design experience, with a strong portfolio in Fintech, AI products, or SaaS platforms Overseas study or work experience (North America, Europe, Singapore, etc.) Fluency in English as a working language (able to collaborate in cross-cultural teams) Mastery of Figma, Adobe Suite, and design system creation A data-informed, user-centric mindset with strong communication skills 🌟 Bonus points if you: Have experience launching a global product from 0 to 1 Speak an additional language (Korean, Spanish, Japanese, etc.) Use AIGC tools (MidJourney, Runway, etc.) in your design workflow 📩 How to apply: Send your resume & portfolio (include Fintech or AI projects, plus overseas product cases) to: rabytehr@rabyte.cn 📝 Subject line: Senior UI/UX Designer – [Name] – [Location] Please note: Applications without a portfolio will not be considered."	"https://findwork.dev/nD53AVQ/senior-uiux-designer-at-rabyte-technologies-coltd"	"full time"	"7df57f085e7bd12b3699a215317b6d3a72cfccb1d914b690a59d45d18ffa6d32"	"2026-04-16 15:10:11.305"	"2026-04-16 15:10:11.307"	600000	360000	"We’re hiring a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of our core AI-powered financial products and drive the global user experience for overseas markets."	"30,000 – 50,000 RMB/month * 14th-month+ salary"	"{""Own end-to-end UI/UX design for our AI+Fintech platform (web & mobile)"",""Lead the internationalization (i18n) design strategy, adapting UX for overseas users"",""Collaborate closely with AI engineers and product managers to turn complex financial data into intuitive interfaces"",""Build and maintain a scalable design system and component library"",""Drive user research and iterate based on data insights""}"	"{""5+ years of UI/UX design experience, with a strong portfolio in Fintech, AI products, or SaaS platforms"",""Overseas study or work experience (North America, Europe, Singapore, etc.)"",""Fluency in English as a working language (able to collaborate in cross-cultural teams)"",""Mastery of Figma, Adobe Suite, and design system creation"",""A data-informed, user-centric mindset with strong communication skills""}"	"{""Have experience launching a global product from 0 to 1"",""Speak an additional language (Korean, Spanish, Japanese, etc.)"",""Use AIGC tools (MidJourney, Runway, etc.) in your design workflow""}"	"{Figma,""Adobe Suite"",MidJourney,Runway,fintech}"	
"cmo1m97ev00912i2ejxwbt9qd"	"MAdBjlQ"	"findwork"	"Lead Product Designer"	"Goody"		"Goody is hiring a Lead Product Designer who has an excellent visual eye and is motivated by building delightful products. Work directly with our designer founder and lead design for a product used at Google, Stripe, Anthropic, Notion, and more. Remote (US & Canada) Salary range: $200K–$250K + equity ✦ Goody is a gifting platform that makes personal and professional gifting easy — no address needed. We help people celebrate milestones, recognize achievements, close deals, and make clients feel valued through thoughtful gifts that make people’s days. Founded 6 years ago, our product is used by Google, Stripe, Meta, Anthropic, Notion, NBCUniversal, DHL, and others. Despite being something everyone does, gifting is one of the areas of commerce yet to be disrupted, and our mission is to capture that market opportunity and spread joy and positivity. And with Goody being co-founded by a designer, we view design as absolutely central to our mission. You’ll be working on a product where the goal is delight. We spend a lot of time crafting how each screen affects the emotional experience. We worked with XYZ Type for a custom typeface. You’ll have deep ownership over projects that impact the success of our company. You'll work directly with me, the co-founder, CTO, and Head of Product, to deliver designs end-to-end that have a massive impact on our company. You’ll have an opportunity to design the product that wins this market. We're the leader in UI/UX in the gifting space. We want to extend that lead with your expertise. What you’ll do Design user interfaces and experiences for Goody’s responsive web application, including the sender experience (ecommerce and SaaS) and recipient gift experience Since product and design are inextricably interlinked, collaborate with product to evolve product direction based on findings in the design process Understand user needs through feedback, testing, research, and gathering information from users and stakeholders Evolve Goody’s design language to changing needs and new feature development Explore ways to integrate AI/ML in non-BS, actually useful ways This is an IC, non-management role, so you can focus on creating Who you are 5+ years of experience in product design, with a portfolio showcasing fresh, creative work for web and mobile that incorporates fun and delight Top 5% visual talent, with both a good eye and the skills to execute Experienced in the main gameplay loop of design, namely exploring the option space and iterating until something hits. You should be used to doing that and creating new avenues to explore and iterate, to ultimately arrive at the most harmonious design Growth mindset and an ability to take constructive feedback and thrive in a no-ego culture Familiarity with ecommerce is a plus US or Canada only What we offer Fully remote company with opportunities to meet in person, such as regional meetups and our annual company offsite. Base salary range of $200K – $250K USD plus stock options We offer benefits and perks to our employees including but not limited to: comprehensive medical plans, including vision and dental, flexible PTO, paid parental leave, 401K, $500/year education stipend, $100/month wellness stipend, and (of course!) lots of gifts."	"https://findwork.dev/MAdBjlQ/lead-product-designer-at-goody"	"full time"	"78d98ff7643e0136f690c512c39e3d6dd1ac085833c1cff9ec2a2315f13cc386"	"2026-04-16 15:10:33.413"	"2026-04-16 15:10:33.415"	250000	200000	"Goody is seeking a Lead Product Designer with a strong visual eye to build delightful gifting products. The role involves direct collaboration with the designer founder to lead design for a platform used by major companies like Google and Stripe, with a focus on emotional user experiences and market leadership in UI/UX."	"$200K–$250K + equity"	"{""Design user interfaces and experiences for Goody’s responsive web application, including the sender experience (ecommerce and SaaS) and recipient gift experience"",""Collaborate with product to evolve product direction based on findings in the design process"",""Understand user needs through feedback, testing, research, and gathering information from users and stakeholders"",""Evolve Goody’s design language to changing needs and new feature development"",""Explore ways to integrate AI/ML in non-BS, actually useful ways""}"	"{""5+ years of experience in product design, with a portfolio showcasing fresh, creative work for web and mobile that incorporates fun and delight"",""Top 5% visual talent, with both a good eye and the skills to execute"",""Experienced in the main gameplay loop of design, namely exploring the option space and iterating until something hits"",""Growth mindset and an ability to take constructive feedback and thrive in a no-ego culture"",""Familiarity with ecommerce is a plus"",""US or Canada only""}"	"{""Fully remote company with opportunities to meet in person, such as regional meetups and annual company offsite"",""Base salary range of $200K – $250K USD plus stock options"",""Comprehensive medical plans, including vision and dental"",""Flexible PTO"",""Paid parental leave"",401K,""$500/year education stipend"",""$100/month wellness stipend"",""Lots of gifts""}"	"{""XYZ Type"",anthropic}"	
"cmo1makz6009e2i2ehxbyynyj"	"XzZb19X"	"findwork"	"AI Automation &amp; Architecture Lead"	"Kogan.com"		"AI Automation & Architecture Lead This is not a standard AI role. Work for a major eCommerce player in Australia. This is a remote role, but you have the flexibility to visit the office regularly and spend time on-site. Relocation support and visa sponsorship can be provided for the right person. Are you an AI visionary who can vibe code at the speed of thought? Do you live and breathe autonomous agents, process optimization, and the bleeding edge of LLM capabilities? At Kogan.com, we are looking for an elite AI specialist to become our internal evangelist and lead our artificial intelligence transformation. Reporting directly to the CEO and CTO, you will have a unique mandate: work on top-priority special projects at the executive level, while simultaneously partnering with every department across the business to ruthlessly optimise our operations. We aren't just looking for someone who can write ChatGPT prompts. We need an architect who can deploy highly autonomous ""God-Mode"" agents (like OpenClaw, OpenHands, N8N and CrewAI) securely within a massive e-commerce infrastructure. If you know how to build multi-agent swarms, implement strict security sandboxes, and want to shape the future of Australia's leading retail pioneer, we want you on the team. What you&rsquo;ll be doing: Serving as Kogan.com&rsquo;s AI Evangelist, driving adoption and innovation across the entire organization. Working one-on-one with the CEO/CTO on high-impact, special projects to give us an unfair competitive advantage. Rapidly prototyping and deploying production-ready software using AI-assisted ""vibe coding."" Architecting and deploying autonomous agents (OpenClaw, OpenHands, LangGraph) to automate complex workflows in supply chain, marketing, and customer service. Designing Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) workflows to ensure AI bots have appropriate guardrails and approval gates before executing high-stakes production tasks. Connecting AI agents securely to our e-commerce stack, ERPs, CRM, and internal databases. What you'll need: Strong foundation in computer science, systems architecture, and API integrations. Proven experience with the absolute latest AI automation tools, multi-agent frameworks, and advanced workflow builders (n8n, Make.com). Deep understanding of AI security protocols, containerization (Docker), and permission allowlists to protect enterprise data from prompt injections and rogue agent behavior. Strong commercial awareness of LLM API costs to prevent resource drain and optimize token usage. A relentless passion for AI and a habit of staying three steps ahead of industry trends. Apply now and help us build the future of retail. Why Kogan.com: You will have direct access to executive decision-making, real scale, and the freedom to build. This is an opportunity to define how AI is actually used inside one of Australia&rsquo;s leading digital retailers, not just experiment on the sidelines. Our culture is unlike anywhere else and regardless of where you are in your career journey, we empower you to do your best work and have a big impact. Check out https://devblog.kogan.com/ and https://goodteams.app/engineering/kogan.com . Work with an incredible team to solve important challenges, helping to drive Australia and New Zealand&rsquo;s eCommerce future. Your role has a lot of ownership, autonomy and little red tape. You&rsquo;ll be empowered to achieve positive outcomes and your work will have a real impact. You&rsquo;ll be at the forefront of the eCommerce industry and be part of a company that are the Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia. Be an Intrepreneur, playing a hands on role in shaping our strategy at our HQ. A range of employee benefits such as; Meaningful Learning budget. Complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering) and extensive career development opportunities plus loads more! About Us: AI-enabled. Human-driven. Shipping smarter every day. Kogan.com is a pioneer of Australian eCommerce. Our vision is to use and build technology to deliver personalised, innovative and fast customer experiences. We are pragmatic in our solutions, scalable in our architecture, strong on quality and not afraid to fail fast. As a team, we are empowered to make change, share our views and build each other&rsquo;s capability. We see where AI is heading and we are building towards it. We keep testing, learning and embedding new capabilities into our stack where they add value. It supports our engineers to move faster, make better decisions and focus on solving the right problems, increasing their impact. The software we build, including www.kogan.com , is used by millions of customers, so this role has real impact. You will be a key member of a fast paced, independent and ambitious team, working across the full tech stack. We believe in using and building technology to improve the online shopping experience, and we are driven by seeing our software shipped to production every day."	"https://findwork.dev/XzZb19X/ai-automation-amp-architecture-lead-at-kogancom"		"b9f25455f318521ed00aa78140474c3a5bc72e8076105585fe55f62a19bcd7f5"	"2026-04-16 15:11:37.648"	"2026-04-16 15:11:37.65"			"Kogan.com, a leading Australian e-commerce company, seeks an AI Automation & Architecture Lead to drive AI transformation. The role involves working directly with the CEO and CTO on high-impact projects, deploying autonomous agents, and optimizing operations across departments. The position offers remote flexibility with on-site options and relocation support."		"{""Serving as Kogan.com’s AI Evangelist, driving adoption and innovation across the entire organization."",""Working one-on-one with the CEO/CTO on high-impact, special projects to give us an unfair competitive advantage."",""Rapidly prototyping and deploying production-ready software using AI-assisted 'vibe coding'."",""Architecting and deploying autonomous agents (OpenClaw, OpenHands, LangGraph) to automate complex workflows in supply chain, marketing, and customer service."",""Designing Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) workflows to ensure AI bots have appropriate guardrails and approval gates before executing high-stakes production tasks."",""Connecting AI agents securely to our e-commerce stack, ERPs, CRM, and internal databases.""}"	"{""Strong foundation in computer science, systems architecture, and API integrations."",""Proven experience with the absolute latest AI automation tools, multi-agent frameworks, and advanced workflow builders (n8n, Make.com)."",""Deep understanding of AI security protocols, containerization (Docker), and permission allowlists to protect enterprise data from prompt injections and rogue agent behavior."",""Strong commercial awareness of LLM API costs to prevent resource drain and optimize token usage."",""A relentless passion for AI and a habit of staying three steps ahead of industry trends.""}"	"{""Direct access to executive decision-making, real scale, and the freedom to build."",""Meaningful Learning budget."",""Complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering), and extensive career development opportunities.""}"	"{OpenClaw,OpenHands,LangGraph,n8n,Make.com,Docker,crewai,prototyping,llm}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/Kogan.com"
"cmo1mcewu009u2i2egeklv2e1"	"Q4qNwqM"	"findwork"	"Technical Project Manager, Trading Operations"	"Nascent"		"The Opportunity Nascent is building at the frontier of AI-native trading. Our ability to capture edge is gated by how fast we can get new venues live. As a Technical Project Manager for Trade Operations, you will own execution of exchange onboarding, brokerage integration, and vendor coordination — the work that determines whether our strategies can trade. This is not a role for tracking tickets or running standups. You will drive complex work from zero, coordinating across engineering, operations, and external counterparties to reach operational readiness on timelines that matter. You sit at the intersection of technical systems and external stakeholders, navigating the messy reality of exchange connectivity — KYC/KYB workflows, API integrations, prime brokerage relationships, and unstructured dependencies that come with bringing a venue online. You will build tools and use AI to eliminate manual coordination. The team is small, the autonomy is real, and you are accountable for outcomes, not process. If you need structure handed to you, this is not the role. This is a high-leverage position for someone who operates well in ambiguity and wants direct impact on a trading firm’s ability to deploy capital. If you have worked in trade operations and wished you could redesign the workflows yourself — with AI, custom tooling, and no bureaucracy — this is that role. This role is fully remote and operates within +/- 3 hours of EST. What You’ll Do Own the full lifecycle of exchange onboarding – from initial application and KYC/KYB through API connectivity testing to production go-live – ensuring the firm can trade on new venues as fast as operationally possible. Coordinate across engineering, operations, compliance, and counterparties to remove blockers and drive integrations to completion. Manage relationships with exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, and vendors, ensuring they deliver on timelines. Build internal tooling, dashboards, and automated workflows — including AI/LLM systems — to track progress, surface blockers, and reduce manual work. Create repeatable processes for operational work that lacks playbooks, adding structure without adding overhead. Evaluate and integrate vendors for operational infrastructure, prioritizing speed and technical fit over process. Identify and resolve operational risks early — across exchange requirements, regulatory changes, and integration timelines. Work directly with traders and engineers to translate operational needs into technical requirements that support trading. About You You have personally onboarded exchanges or built trading infrastructure — you know what it takes to go from zero to live. You do not wait for instructions. You see gaps and close them. You have a genuine AI-native mindset – you’re actively building with LLMs, AI agents, or automation tools to multiply your own output. You measure success by whether the firm can trade, not by whether a plan was followed. You are technically fluent and comfortable discussing APIs, data flows, and system design. You operate well in ambiguity and prefer building playbooks to inheriting them. You have strong judgment managing external stakeholders and know when to push or find workarounds. Required Experience 4–6 years of experience in technical operations, trading ops, or adjacent roles, with a track record of owning workflows, improving systems, and driving work forward with minimal direction Hands-on experience with exchange onboarding, trade operations implementation, or trading infrastructure buildout. Demonstrated ability to coordinate complex, dependency-heavy work across engineering, operations, and external parties. Track record of managing exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, or vendors and driving them to deliver. Active use of AI/LLM tools to automate workflows or accelerate operations, with concrete examples. Proven ability to operate independently in low-structure environments and set your own priorities. Nice-to-Have’s Experience at a prop trading firm, market maker, or crypto-native trading operation. Familiarity with FIX protocol, exchange APIs, or market microstructure. Experience with regulatory or compliance workflows tied to exchange access. Experience building internal tooling or automating workflows with code, no-code, or AI agents. About Nascent Founded in 2020, Nascent exists to build, expand, and capture opportunity, in open markets and permissionless technologies. Building from a base of permanent capital, we deploy assets across a range of both liquid and long-term strategies that ensure we are among the most active users of the open financial system we are helping to build. We’ve backed 100+ early-stage teams that we believe can change markets and expand what’s possible. At Nascent, we combine venture + market pedigree with product-grade engineering to turn research into revenue: experiments that ship fast, are evaluated rigorously, and move P&L. We focus on models, low-latency infrastructure, and resilient systems that compound performance over time. Our Team & Culture At Nascent, we are an interdisciplinary team of investors, builders & creators, capable of achieving more together than we can as individuals. We offer the opportunity to contribute to building the future global economic system with a world-class team and culture that pairs the freedom to explore, experiment & play with a competitive drive to win. We invest in our people by providing the autonomy to build, coupled with accountability & honest feedback to help learn, grow, perform & win. Our distributed team understands the value of in-person time—we encourage team members to come together for more frequent in-person work. Principles that Drive our Team & Work Compete to win Explore, experiment, play Always be building Seek and speak truth Own your shit. What We Offer At Nascent, we offer a competitive total compensation package heavily weighted toward bonus, ensuring that when we perform at our best and the firm wins we all win. The opportunity to learn, experiment and build in an entrepreneurial environment Remote and distributed working environment Comprehensive health benefits package including dental, vision, and life 16 weeks fully paid parental leave & supported return to work Home office setup and stipend or coworking space and wellness stipend Retirement plan matching contributions Open vacation policy as well as flexible work hours and location Team activities and in-person team retreats We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity and differences of perspectives. We do not discriminate on the basis of any status, inclusive of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Compensation Range: $130K - $160K"	"https://findwork.dev/Q4qNwqM/technical-project-manager-trading-operations-at-nascent"	"full time"	"a0b8d55284cb1caed046aaa3cbc3befa5186e489655d4399f8d48dea9bfdb071"	"2026-04-16 15:13:03.1"	"2026-04-16 15:13:03.102"	160000	130000	"As a Technical Project Manager for Trade Operations, you will own the execution of exchange onboarding, brokerage integration, and vendor coordination to enable trading strategies. The role requires driving complex work from zero, coordinating across engineering, operations, and external stakeholders, and building tools with AI to eliminate manual coordination. This is a high-leverage position for someone who operates in ambiguity and wants direct impact on a trading firm’s operational readiness."	"$130K - $160K"	"{""Own the full lifecycle of exchange onboarding – from initial application and KYC/KYB through API connectivity testing to production go-live – ensuring the firm can trade on new venues as fast as operationally possible."",""Coordinate across engineering, operations, compliance, and counterparties to remove blockers and drive integrations to completion."",""Manage relationships with exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, and vendors, ensuring they deliver on timelines."",""Build internal tooling, dashboards, and automated workflows — including AI/LLM systems — to track progress, surface blockers, and reduce manual work."",""Create repeatable processes for operational work that lacks playbooks, adding structure without adding overhead."",""Evaluate and integrate vendors for operational infrastructure, prioritizing speed and technical fit over process."",""Identify and resolve operational risks early — across exchange requirements, regulatory changes, and integration timelines."",""Work directly with traders and engineers to translate operational needs into technical requirements that support trading.""}"	"{""4–6 years of experience in technical operations, trading ops, or adjacent roles, with a track record of owning workflows, improving systems, and driving work forward with minimal direction."",""Hands-on experience with exchange onboarding, trade operations implementation, or trading infrastructure buildout."",""Demonstrated ability to coordinate complex, dependency-heavy work across engineering, operations, and external parties."",""Track record of managing exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, or vendors and driving them to deliver."",""Active use of AI/LLM tools to automate workflows or accelerate operations, with concrete examples."",""Proven ability to operate independently in low-structure environments and set your own priorities.""}"	"{""Competitive total compensation package heavily weighted toward bonus."",""Remote and distributed working environment."",""Comprehensive health benefits package including dental, vision, and life."",""16 weeks fully paid parental leave & supported return to work."",""Home office setup and stipend or coworking space and wellness stipend."",""Retirement plan matching contributions."",""Open vacation policy as well as flexible work hours and location."",""Team activities and in-person team retreats."",""Equal opportunity employer with diversity and inclusion policies.""}"	"{llm}"	"https://findwork-dev-images.s3.amazonaws.com/full/151f451ce4715d4fea373c27de45673048b66f7e.jpg"
"cmo1mdkoz00a52i2eaig8n6pf"	"XWxje3n"	"findwork"	"GTM Engineer"	"PointOne"		"About PointOne PointOne is reinventing how law firms operate. We build infrastructure for the legal industry, powering timekeeping and billing systems used by law firms and government agencies. Our AI timekeeper helps attorneys capture billable time automatically and provides rich insights that transform how legal work is managed. We're a Tier 1 venture-backed startup (Y Combinator, Bessemer, 8VC, General Catalyst) made up of engineers (Google, Applied Intuition, Stanford) and ex-attorneys. Alongside a recent Series A round and rapid customer adoption, we're expanding our GTM team to keep up with overwhelming demand. The Role We are getting strong pull from the market and can't keep up with the volume of inbound demand, and we're just getting started on outbound. This is where you come in. You will build the revenue engine that powers PointOne's next phase of growth. This is a hands-on engineering role at the intersection of AI, automation, and go-to-market. You design and operate the systems that put the right message in front of the right law firm at the right moment, at scale. You'll write real code, own real infrastructure, and be accountable for real pipeline. You'll own outbound campaign infrastructure end-to-end and apply AI at every layer of the funnel: account identification, signal detection, enrichment, personalization, and sequencing. You'll work directly with our sales leadership and founders to translate pipeline strategy into working systems. You'll be expected to build fast. What You'll Own Automated Outbound Campaigns Design, build, and continuously optimize our outbound engine—multi-channel sequences, enrichment waterfalls, deliverability, and the workflows that tie it all together. You'll be the reason our sales team is focused on closing, not prospecting. AI-Powered Demand Generation Find novel, compounding applications of AI to demand and lead generation. Think signal-based triggers, LLM-generated personalization at scale, automated account research synthesis, and intelligent ICP scoring. If you've been waiting to actually experiment with this stuff in a high-stakes environment, here’s the opportunity. GTM Stack & Data Flows Own the integrations between our CRM, enrichment tools, outbound platforms, and internal systems. Write the code, build the webhooks, keep the data clean. When a lead converts, every system should know about it immediately and correctly. Experimentation & Optimization Run structured tests on messaging, channel mix, timing, and audience segmentation. Build the measurement infrastructure to know what's working. Kill what isn't. Compound what does. Who You Are You Have: 3+ years in GTM Engineering, Revenue Operations, or a technical GTM-adjacent role Coding ability—you're comfortable in Python or SQL, working with APIs, and building workflows that require actual engineering Hands-on experience with modern GTM tools: Clay, Apollo, Instantly, HeyReach, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, or similar A track record of building outbound systems that generated measurable pipeline, not just configured them Genuine curiosity about how to apply AI to GTM problems in ways most people haven't tried yet You Are: A builder first. You ship a v1 before most people finish the kickoff deck Systems-minded: you think in terms of how systems will react and second-order effects (allowing you to understand scalability, bottlenecks, and inefficiencies) Strong commercial acumen: you understand ICPs and think clearly about why people open/click/buy Comfortable with ambiguity: you figure things out and write the manual yourself Why This Role Matters PointOne is at the point in its growth where the company that wins will be the one that builds the most efficient, intelligent revenue engine in legal tech. This role is central to that. The systems you build will directly shape how many law firms we reach, how fast we grow, and how our sales team spends their time. You'll have meaningful autonomy, direct access to founders, and the opportunity to define how a category-leading company does outbound. This is intense early-stage startup work. The person we hire is expected to take ownership, bring structure to ambiguity, and play a key role in forming the company's GTM culture. The compensation for this position is determined by multiple factors, including prior experience and expertise. A competitive equity component will also be offered as part of the package. Benefits include comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance, as well as meals in office, regular team events, and more."	"https://findwork.dev/XWxje3n/gtm-engineer-at-pointone"	"full time"	"b24631e94d98ff87151b6395efad5ac2060c8b99a574a9b8a6291c954c0a96e2"	"2026-04-16 15:13:57.249"	"2026-04-16 15:13:57.251"			"Build the revenue engine for a legal tech startup by designing AI-powered outbound campaigns and integrating GTM systems. Own end-to-end automation for demand generation, account identification, and pipeline optimization. Work directly with sales leadership to translate strategy into scalable systems."		"{""Design, build, and optimize automated outbound campaigns including multi-channel sequences, enrichment waterfalls, and deliverability workflows"",""Develop AI-powered demand generation systems for signal-based triggers, LLM-generated personalization, and intelligent ICP scoring"",""Integrate CRM, enrichment tools, outbound platforms, and internal systems with custom code and webhooks"",""Run structured experiments on messaging, channel mix, timing, and segmentation with measurement infrastructure""}"	"{""3+ years in GTM Engineering, Revenue Operations, or technical GTM-adjacent roles"",""Proficiency in Python or SQL with API integration experience"",""Hands-on experience with GTM tools: Clay, Apollo, Instantly, HeyReach, LinkedIn Sales Navigator"",""Track record of building outbound systems that generated measurable pipeline"",""Curiosity about applying AI to GTM problems in novel ways""}"	"{""Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance"",""Meals in office"",""Regular team events"",""Competitive equity component""}"	"{Clay,Apollo,Instantly,HeyReach,""LinkedIn Sales Navigator"",Python,SQL,llm,react,moment}"	"https://bookface-images.s3.amazonaws.com/small_logos/f848e072de817e8a37aeb1ad8a912f9e2f5d9c52.png"