"description"	"tools"
"Job description Addepto is a leading AI consulting ( https://addepto.com/ai-consulting/ ) and data engineering ( https://addepto.com/data-engineering-services/ ) company that builds scalable, ROI-focused AI solutions for some of the world's largest enterprises and pioneering startups, including Rolls Royce, Continental, Porsche, ABB, and WGU. With an exclusive focus on Artificial Intelligence and Big Data, Addepto helps organizations unlock the full potential of their data through systems designed for measurable business impact and long-term growth. The company's work extends beyond client engagements. Drawing from real-world challenges and insights, Addepto has developed its own product - ContextClue - and actively contributes open-source solutions to the AI community. This commitment to transforming practical experience into scalable innovation has earned Addepto recognition by Forbes as one of the top 10 AI consulting companies worldwide . As part of KMS Technology , a US-based global technology group, Addepto combines deep AI specialization with enterprise-scale delivery capabilities—enabling the partnership to move clients from AI experimentation to production impact, securely and at scale. We are looking for a Product Owner with a technical background to take ownership of an existing, actively developed GenAI product in an early product life-cycle and ensure continuity by assuming responsibilities from the current Product Owner. You will work at the intersection of business and technology on a real, live product used by 10,000+ users, developed for a large client from the automotive industry. The current Product Owner will support knowledge transfer - this is a planned handover, ensuring a smooth transition and continuity. Your main responsibilities: Stakeholder collaboration Act as a key point of contact between client stakeholders and delivery teams Lead communication with business representatives on the client side Elicit requirements, clarify expectations, and align priorities across multiple stakeholders Translate business needs into clear product direction for the development team Support knowledge sharing, communication, and alignment within the project Product ownership Take over ownership of an existing product backlog and ensure a smooth transition Structure, maintain, and prioritize the product backlog Translate business and technical requirements into initiatives, epics, and user stories Lead product backlog refinements and support sprint planning activities Define acceptance criteria and accept completed user stories Ensure clarity of scope, priorities, and goals for the development team Planning & coordination Prepare initiatives and objectives for PI Planning and quarterly planning cycles Support definition of PI Objectives and contribute to product roadmaps Work closely with development teams to refine scope and assess feasibility Coordinate dependencies and align priorities with business stakeholders Quality & transparency Ensure delivered functionality meets agreed requirements and quality expectations Support functional testing and validation of delivered features Monitor progress and proactively identify risks or delivery challenges Ensure transparent communication and regular status updates to stakeholders Job requirements Hands-on experience working as a Product Owner or in a similar product-focused role in IT Technical background ideally experience as a technical tester, developer, or a graduate of technical studies Good understanding of Python-based systems and modern software architectures Ability to comfortably collaborate with engineers and understand technical trade-offs Strong practical knowledge of Agile methodologies (Scrum, SAFe) Experience managing product backlogs and writing clear, actionable user stories Ability to take ownership of an existing product and continue its development Strong communication and stakeholder management skills Ability to work independently and make product-related decisions Understanding of software development lifecycle and quality assurance practices High level of ownership, accountability, and transparency Fluent English (C1 level) is a must Discover our perks & benefits: Work in a supportive team of passionate enthusiasts of AI & Big Data. Engage with top-tier global enterprises and cutting-edge startups on international projects. Enjoy flexible work arrangements, allowing you to work remotely or from modern offices and coworking spaces. Accelerate your professional growth through career paths , knowledge-sharing initiatives, language classes, and sponsored training or conferences , including a partnership with Databricks , which offers industry-leading training materials and certifications. Choose from various employment options: B2B, employment contracts, or contracts of mandate. Make use of 20 fully paid days off available for B2B contractors and individuals under contracts of mandate. Participate in team-building events and utilize the integration budget . Celebrate work anniversaries, birthdays, and milestones. Access medical and sports packages , eye care, and well-being support services, including psychotherapy and coaching. Get full work equipment for optimal productivity, including a laptop and other necessary devices. With our backing, you can boost your personal brand by speaking at conferences, writing for our blog, or participating in meetups. Experience a smooth onboarding with a dedicated buddy, and start your journey in our friendly, supportive, and autonomous culture. All done! Your application has been successfully submitted! Other jobs"	"{python,genai}"
"Job description Short facts about us: We are a global remote-first team of 150+ people on 4 continents and in 10+ countries. We have been protecting our clients since 2016. The company has recently closed its Series C round in the amount of $55 million. More than 200 customers around the world, including Fortune 500, Nasdaq, and high-growth startups choose Wallarm to protect their API and web applications. The company passed Y Combinator, the most prestigious incubator in Silicon Valley, from which Dropbox, Stripe, Docker, etc. came out. Our product: Wallarm API security solutions provide proven performance to support innovative companies serving millions of users and billions of API requests per month. Hundreds of Security and DevOps teams globally use Wallarm daily to: Discover . See every asset across your entire attack surface—from cloud environments to every API endpoint with auto-discovery capabilities. Protect . A single suite that goes beyond OWASP Top 10 for full coverage for API specific threats, account takeover, malicious bots, L7 DDoS, and more. Respond . Streamline incident response with complete visibility, smart triggers, and active threat verification. Test . Automate security testing of your APIs and web assets. Prioritize remediation for every asset, in every environment. Technology stack: Cloud: GCP, AWS, Azure Containers and Orchestrators: Docker, Kubernetes Scripting: Python, Golang Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, EFK OS: Linux Automatizations tools: Terraform, Ansible, internal tooling About this opportunity: We are actively seeking a skilled professional to join our dynamic team and play a pivotal role in the continued success of our core product, Wallarm Node. Wallarm Node is the heart of our platform, and its distribution is complex and wide-ranging. We currently support over 20 distribution channels, enabling our customers to deploy Wallarm seamlessly across diverse infrastructures. This expansive distribution model includes, but is not limited to: Traditional Package Managers: Managing and releasing official Linux packages (e.g., .deb, .rpm) for various distributions. Containerization: Maintaining and optimizing our official Docker images for deployment agility. Orchestration: Developing and supporting deployments within Kubernetes environments, particularly focusing on robust Kubernetes Ingress integrations. Cloud Native Solutions: Expanding and streamlining deployments in other modern, cloud-native contexts. As a Senior DevOps Engineer working on Wallarm Node, you will be instrumental in maintaining, enhancing, and expanding this intricate distribution ecosystem. Your work will directly impact our ability to deliver cutting-edge security and performance to our global customer base. In this role you will: Architect and continuously optimize the CI/CD process to maximize product delivery speed and reliability. Embed deep collaboration with Dev and QA teams to uphold and improve product quality across the release spectrum. Provide advanced technical support to customers to resolve product-related issues. Drive infrastructure-as-code management using Terraform. Develop high-performance automation scripts using Bash, Python, and GoLang. Build custom applications, primarily in GoLang, to enhance CI/CD capabilities. Job requirements In this role you’ll need: Deep expertise in designing and managing high-volume CI/CD processes, with a strong preference for Gitlab-based systems. Deep practical knowledge of cloud-native Kubernetes environments. Strong command of major cloud platforms (GCP and AWS). Demonstrated experience integrating advanced, AI-driven development practices into CI/CD workflows. Proficiency in Bash and Python for scripting. Solid experience in Linux infrastructure administration. Will be a plus: Experience with C lang and GoLang for systems development is a significant advantage. What we offer: Ability to work on a product that makes the Internet safer Completely remote work and flexible working hours Competitive salary and bonuses Paid days off Medical insurance Working equipment Professional development and career growth All done! Your application has been successfully submitted! Other jobs"	"{GCP,AWS,Azure,Docker,Kubernetes,Python,Golang,Prometheus,Grafana,EFK,Terraform,Ansible,GitLab,Bash,node,containers}"
"Company Description This position is available only under an employment (labor) agreement. The world’s digital experiences run on something invisible: the infrastructure and software that keep them fast, reliable, and secure. At Gcore, you’ll help design and deliver that foundation for an AI-driven world. We’re a global provider of infrastructure and software solutions for AI, cloud, network, and security, powering everything from real-time communication and streaming to enterprise AI and secure web applications. With 210+ edge locations, 50+ cloud regions, and thousands of GPUs, your work here can reach users and businesses across the globe. You’ll collaborate with leading technology partners such as Intel, NVIDIA, Dell, and Equinix, and work on platforms that power digital products used around the world. Our vision is simple: to connect the world to AI, anywhere, anytime. Want to work on technology that goes beyond a single product or industry? Join a global team of 550+ professionals building infrastructure and software that supports the entire digital ecosystem. We are currently looking for a DevOps Engineer to join our Edge Cloud Operations Team. Job Description As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, deploying, and maintaining infrastructure and services that enable scalable and secure AI inference workloads on-premises. What You’ll Do Design, develop, and maintain infrastructure for AI inference workloads, including GPU scheduling, model deployment pipelines, and data access patterns in on-prem environments Build and manage monitoring and observability tools for AI inference platforms, including dashboards, alerts, and runbooks for model health and system performance Collaborate with ML engineers and platform teams to design system architecture for AI workloads, integrate inference runtimes, and test performance at scale Qualifications What We’re Looking For Hands-on Experience In Containerization and Container Orchestration: Kubernetes, Helm, Docker/CRI-O Linux and networks Programming and Scripting: Python/Go/Bash Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach: Ansible, Terraform Creating CI/CD pipelines: GitLab/GitHub actions Experience with Cluster API or any other ""Kubeception"" technology Deep experience with Kubernetes CNI, CSI, and Operators Nice to Have Knowledge in Kubernetes-related technologies such as ArgoCD, Helmfile Experience with Prometheus stack Experience with other Cloud Native technologies Additional Information Benefits At Gcore, we want you to do your best work and enjoy the journey. Our benefits are designed to support your growth, well-being, and life beyond work: Competitive compensation Flexible working hours and hybrid or remote options, depending on your role Work from anywhere in the world for up to 45 days per year Private medical insurance for you and your family* Extra paid vacation and sick leave days* Support for life’s important moments and celebrations Language courses to help you connect and grow Modern, welcoming offices with snacks, drinks, and entertainment* Team sports and social activities* *Benefits may vary depending on your location. Equal Opportunity Employer We provide equal opportunity to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, disability, or any other legally protected characteristics."	"{Kubernetes,Docker/CRI-O,Python,Bash,Ansible,Terraform,GitLab,""GitHub actions"",""Cluster API"",ArgoCD,Helmfile,""Prometheus stack"",helm,github,inference,docker,prometheus}"
"Consensys is the leading blockchain and web3 software company founded by Joe Lubin, CEO of Consensys and Co-Founder of Ethereum. Since 2014, Consensys has been at the forefront of innovation, pioneering technological developments within the web3 ecosystem. Through our product suite, including the MetaMask platform, Infura, Linea, Diligence, and our NFT toolkit Phosphor, we have become the trusted collaborator for users, creators, and developers on their path to build and belong in the world they want to see. Whether building a dapp, an NFT collection, a portfolio, or a better future, the instinct to build is universal. Consensys inspires and champions the builder instinct in everyone by making web3 universally easy to use and develop on. Our mission is to unlock the collaborative power of communities by making the decentralized web universally easy to access, use, and build on. You’ll get to work on the tools, infrastructure, and apps that scale these platforms to onboard one billion participants and 5 million developers. You’ll be constantly exposed to new concepts, ideas, and frameworks from your peers, and as you work on different projects — challenging you to stay at the top of your game. You’ll join a network of builders that reaches the edge of our ecosystem. Consensys alumni have moved on to become tech entrepreneurs, CEOs, and team leads at tech companies. About the Networks Team The Networks team is responsible for making blockchain connectivity inside MetaMask feel invisible, reliable, and trustworthy—no matter which chain a user is interacting with. This includes ownership of EVM and non-EVM network connectivity, network switching, chain discovery, RPC configuration, performance and reliability, safety, L2s, custom networks, and the speed at which MetaMask can safely support new networks. As a Staff Product Manager, you will own the strategy and execution of MetaMask’s network layer—one of the most critical and complex parts of the wallet. You will shape how MetaMask scales across emerging EVM chains and key non-EVM ecosystems, ensuring network expansion aligns with MetaMask’s broader product and business strategy while maintaining best-in-class reliability and user trust. This is a high-impact, cross-cutting role. The network experience underpins every MetaMask feature, from asset visibility to swaps, bridges, and dapp interactions. You will operate as a domain owner and strategic partner across Product, Engineering, Design, Security and Data. The network layer is the foundation of MetaMask. Every transaction, asset view, and dapp interaction depends on it being fast, reliable, and secure. As Staff PM for Networks, you will directly shape MetaMask’s ability to scale across a multi-chain future—supporting emerging ecosystems while maintaining the trust of hundreds of millions of users. Your work will determine how confidently and seamlessly users can access Web3 at global scale. What you’ll do Own the end-to-end network experience across MetaMask Extension and Mobile, including network switching, chain discovery, custom networks, RPC configuration, and L2 support. Define and drive the long-term product strategy for network connectivity across EVM and non-EVM ecosystems, aligning network expansion with MetaMask’s overall product and business strategy. Lead initiatives to make network connectivity invisible and reliable for users by improving performance, reducing errors, and minimizing user-facing network complexity. Own the product approach to supporting emerging EVM chains and key non-EVM networks, including criteria, launch processes, and time-to-support improvements. Collaborate with PMs across MetaMask to ensure the network layer enables seamless, predictable user flows across the wallet. Set clear product goals, success metrics, and execution plans; prioritize initiatives that balance user experience, technical feasibility, ecosystem impact, and commercial opportunity. Communicate product vision and decisions clearly across teams and stakeholders. Act as a Staff-level multiplier, influencing product direction beyond your immediate team and raising the bar for product thinking in technically complex domains. What we're looking for 8+ years of product management experience, ideally in consumer apps in crypto and/or fintech. Demonstrated ability to operate at Staff scope: setting strategy, driving alignment across multiple teams, and owning outcomes beyond a single feature area. Proven ability to ship high-impact consumer products end-to-end. Deep user empathy paired with the ability to abstract away technical complexity into simple, trustworthy user experiences. Excellent communicator who can influence senior stakeholders and clearly articulate tradeoffs, priorities, and decisions. Thrives in ambiguity and is energized by building systems that must scale alongside rapidly evolving ecosystems. Skilled in collaborating with designers and engineers to deliver beautiful, performant UX. Experienced in using analytics and A/B testing to guide product iteration. Strong enthusiasm and expertise in Web3, blockchains and emerging technologies in this space. Don't meet all the requirements? Don't sweat it. We’re passionate about building a diverse team of humans and as such, if you think you've got what it takes for our chaotic-but-fun, remote-friendly, start-up environment—apply anyway, detailing your relevant transferable skills in your cover letter. While we have a pretty good idea of what we need, we're ready for you to challenge our thinking on who needs to be in this role . It is a requirement of employment in this position that applicants will be required to submit to background checks including but not limited to employment, education and criminal record checks. Further details will be provided to applicants that successfully meet the criteria for the position as determined by the company in its sole discretion. By submitting an application for employment, you are acknowledging and consenting to this requirement."	"{fintech,nft,metamask,ethereum,blockchain,web3}"
"At CELSIUS®, we pride ourselves on empowering our people. Every employee has a stake in our success. We create a collaborative culture built on inclusivity, innovation, and a belief that great ideas can come from anywhere. And we’re on our way to building something bigger: a category where energy isn’t just consumed, it’s lived—where performance meets personality, brand becomes community, and every can crack sparks a statement. This is the future of modern energy. This is CELSIUS®. Ready to take your career to the next level? Join our team and redefine what it means to be energized. Lead CG Generalist If you are looking for an exciting opportunity to join a fast-growing team in a role that provides professional and personal growth, we encourage you to apply to our Lead CG Generalist opening. We promptly review all applications. Highly qualified candidates will be contacted for interviews. This is an ‘in office’, full time position at the Brand Studio in Louisville, Kentucky. Reporting to the Director of CG & Emerging Media, Lead CG Generalist will oversee a small team of CG Artists to create high-quality 3D imagery and animations for a wide range of high-impact content across multiple platforms, including product campaigns, point-of-sale, digital, social, and print media. This role requires several years of production experience and proven leadership in CG teams, with a strong specialty in photorealistic content for product visualization. You will balance speed, quality, and resources to deliver exceptional results. You will oversee procedural and artistic standards, leading by example. You will provide daily oversight and support to ensure consistency, quality, and efficient throughput, facilitate communication between the Director, the team, and broader Brand Studio partners, and actively advocate for team workload management and morale. Requirements 8+ years of experience in 3D production, with a strong focus on product visualization and creative executions. Expertise in 3ds max/VRay or Blender and Adobe Creative Cloud. Experience in fluid simulations. Strong generalist capabilities, including modeling, surfacing, lighting, animation, simulation, rendering, and compositing. Excellent foundational design skills including composition, color theory, and layout. Demonstrated ability to manage complex production schedules in fast-paced environments. Exceptional communication and time management skills. Strong leadership and mentorship abilities with a collaborative mindset. Comfortable giving and receiving constructive feedback in a professional, solutions-focused manner. Responsibilities Produce high-quality CG content including imagery and animations across a variety of digital and print platforms. Work closely with Creative Directors to interpret and translate 2D concepts into detailed, high-fidelity 3D visual assets. Lead and support CG Generalists, providing technical and artistic direction on projects. Participate in daily team check-ins, manage task workloads in collaboration with Project Managers. Manage workflow, resource allocation, and expectations to ensure streamlined workflows. Define and document process and procedure. Maintain high standards of visual accuracy, quality control, and data organization. Stay up to date with industry trends, emerging tools, and production techniques to continually evolve the team’s capabilities. Oversee CG-related purchases and manage budgets across various brand initiatives."	"{""3ds Max"",VRay,Blender,""Adobe Creative Cloud""}"
"At Celsius, we pride ourselves on empowering our people. Every employee has a stake in our success. We create a collaborative culture built on inclusivity, innovation, and a belief that great ideas can come from anywhere. And we’re on our way to building something bigger: a category where energy isn’t just consumed, it’s lived—where performance meets personality, brand becomes community, and every can crack sparks a statement. This is the future of modern energy. This is Celsius. Ready to take your career to the next level? Join our team and redefine what it means to be energized. Design Lead - Brand ROCKSTAR® As part of our growing portfolio, ROCKSTAR®is a classic energy drink and lifestyle brand rooted in Southern California action sports and music culture. We foster a dynamic, collaborative culture where creativity, innovation, and passion are celebrated. Team members are encouraged to think boldly, move quickly, and help shape a brand that’s redefining what core energy looks and feels like. People Management Responsibilities: No Role Type: Full-Time Location: Celsius' HQ in Los Angeles, CA Reports to: Brand Creative Lead (Rockstar) The Design Lead – Brand (ROCKSTAR® Energy) is a hands-on creative and key contributor to the development of high-impact visual work across packaging, presentations, key visuals, POS and retail experiences. This role supports the execution of Rockstar’s elevated aesthetics while ensuring consistency and clarity across all formats. The ideal candidate is a strong designer with a sharp eye, attention to detail, and a passion for building smart, brand-driven visuals. The Design lead should be comfortable taking direction, collaborating across teams, and translating creative strategy into compelling design solutions. This role requires someone detail-oriented, fast-moving, and excited to contribute across a range of creative initiatives. Requirements Portfolio Required: Please include a link to your portfolio in your resume, showcasing relevant brand and campaign work 2-5+ years of experience in visual design within an agency or in-house creative team Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite; proficiency in Microsoft tools, and familiarity with Figma or other digital platforms a plus Execution skills in layout, typography, color theory and visual storytelling Ability to execute creative direction with clarity, precision and attention to detail Comfortable balancing multiple projects with tight timelines Strong communication skills and willingness to collaborate across disciplines Organized, proactive, and accountable. Willing to take initiative and seek to grow withing a fast-paced creative environment Proficient in applying AI tools (Chat GPT, Midjourney, etc.) to enhance creative workflows, accelerate concepting and unlock new modes of expression 3D / CGI experience a plus but not required Responsibilities Support the execution of packaging, campaign and retail designs in collaboration with Associate Creative Director Hands-on execution skills to build assets across formats – print, digital, social and in-store, ensuring visual cohesion and high-quality output Develop layouts, mockups and visual presentation to communicate design direction Contribute to mood boards, sketching and exploration for concept development Assist in photoshoot prep and execution an cg concepting, including layout planning and art direction support as needed Ensure consistency of Rockstar brand elements across all deliverables and touchpoints Collaborate with production teams to ensure files meet technical specs and brand standards Work with production teams to ensure assets meet technical specs and brand standards Collaborate closely with copywriters, project management and marketing leads to bring work to life Participate in feedback loops with an open, solutions-oriented mindsets Stay aware of design trends, cultural aesthetics and competitor landscape"	"{""Adobe Creative Suite"",Figma,""Chat GPT"",Midjourney,gpt}"
"Are you a talented Senior DevOps looking for a remote job that lets you show your skills and get decent compensation? Look no further than Lemon.io — the marketplace that connects you with hand-picked startups in the US and Europe. What we offer: The rate depends on your seniority level, skills and experience. We've already paid out over $11M to our engineers. No more hunting for clients or negotiating rates — let us handle the business side of things so you can focus on what you do best. We'll manually find the best project for you according to your skills and preferences. Choose a schedule that works best for you. It&rsquo;s possible to communicate async or minimally overlap within team working hours. We respect your seniority so you can expect no micromanagement or screen trackers. Communicate directly with the clients. Most of them have technical backgrounds. Sounds good, yeah? We will support you from the time you submit the application throughout all cooperation stages. Most of our projects involve working in a fast-paced startup environment. We hope you like it as much as we do. Through our community, we will connect you with the best developers from more than 71 countries. We have several openings for Senior DevOps Engineers, with two types of requirements. Requirements – DevOps with Azure DevOps: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with Azure DevOps Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Microsoft Azure is required Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus Requirements – DevOps with AWS/GCP/SQL: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with AWS, GCP, or SQL At least 3 years of commercial experience with Python Familiarity with network administration, infrastructure provisioning, and OS administration is a huge plus Strong technical skills: as a Senior DevOps, you are expected to be able to create projects from scratch and have a deep understanding of application architecture. Clear and effective communication in English — advanced ability to discuss business tasks, justify decisions, and communicate issues. Good self-presentation is also essential for upcoming client calls. Strong self-organizational skills — ability to work full-time remotely with no supervision. Reliability — we want to trust you and expect that you won&rsquo;t let us and the client down. Adaptability and Flexibility — the ability to onboard the project promptly after accepting it and start delivering results quickly. Sounds good for you? Apply now and join the Lemon.io community! NOT YOUR TECH STACK? We have multiple projects available for Senior Developers. If you have 4+ years of commercial software development experience and are proficient in any of the following areas: React & Python, React & Node, React & Ruby, PHP & Angular, PHP & Vue, Vue & Node.js, React & .NET, Android & iOS, Angular & .NET, Angular & Node.js, Vue & .NET, Python & Vue, MLOps, React & Java, Data Science, Blockchain (Web3/Solidity/Solana), Symfony & React, Symfony & Vue, Symfony & Angular, Symfony & JavaScript & Next.js & TypeScript, Data Analysis, React & PHP, Data Engineering, AI Engineering, Data Annotation, React & Golang, Svelte & Python, Svelte & Node, Svelte & TypeScript, Rust, Golang, Shopify & JavaScript, Vue & Nuxt, Python & Node, Angular & TypeScript, Ruby & Ruby on Rails, React Native & Ruby, React Native & Python, PHP & Laravel, .NET & C#, Java & Spring, Unreal Engine & C++, Python & LLM, Unity, Machine Learning Engineering, Python & Flask — we&rsquo;d be happy to connect and match you with a suitable project. If your experience matches our requirements, be ready for the next steps: VideoAsk — watch a short video about our startup, up to 10 minutes Complete your profile on our website Intro call Technical interview Feedback Magic Box (we are looking for the best project for you). We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire. P.S. We work with developers from 71+ countries in different regions: Europe, LATAM, the U.S (if you are an owner of W-9 ben form), Canada, Asia (Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Philippines, Indonesia), Oceania (Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea), and the the UK. However, we have some exceptions. At the moment, we don&rsquo;t have a legal basis to accept applicants from the following countries: European: Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Kosovo, Belarus, Russia, and Serbia. Latin America: Cuba and Nicaragua Most Asian countries and Africa. We expand and shorten the list of exemptions regularly. We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire. Do you represent a company with engineers who match the description and want to collaborate with us through staff augmentation? Then register here ."	"{""Azure DevOps"",""Microsoft Azure"",AWS,GCP,Python,ruby,android,react,angular,vue,flask,blockchain,web3,spring,typescript,azure,symfony,ios,moment,sql,solidity,javascript,llm,laravel,svelte,nuxt,net,rails,rust,golang,node,php}"
"At CELSIUS®, we pride ourselves on empowering our people. Every employee has a stake in our success. We create a collaborative culture built on inclusivity, innovation, and a belief that great ideas can come from anywhere. And we’re on our way to building something bigger: a category where energy isn’t just consumed, it’s lived—where performance meets personality, brand becomes community, and every can crack sparks a statement. This is the future of modern energy. This is CELSIUS®. Ready to take your career to the next level? Join our team and redefine what it means to be energized. Brand Creative Lead (Celsius) Reports to: CCO, Brand Studio The Brand Creative Lead (Celsius) is the senior-most day-to-day creative owner of the Celsius brand, partnering closely with the CCO to shape, protect, and evolve the brand’s visual and verbal expression globally. This role functions as the creative steward for Celsius—setting the creative vision alongside senior leadership, enforcing brand standards, and ensuring best-in-class execution across all touchpoints in the US and international markets. The Brand Creative Lead is accountable for maintaining consistency, quality, and cultural relevance across packaging, campaigns, POS, innovation, retail, digital, and experiential work. Equal parts visionary and executor; this role requires someone who can direct and inspire teams while remaining deeply hands-on when needed. The Brand Creative Lead sets the creative bar, provides clear direction and feedback, and ensures that every piece of work reflects the ambition, confidence, and polish expected of a category-defining brand. Requirements Portfolio required demonstrating strong brand systems, campaigns, and packaging work 10+ years of experience in brand design within an agency or in-house environment Proven experience leading and directing creative teams across multiple disciplines Deep expertise in brand systems, visual identity, and execution at scale across markets Advanced skills in layout, typography, color theory, illustration, and packaging design Strong conceptual thinker with the ability to translate strategy into compelling creative Expert proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite; familiarity with Figma and Microsoft tools a plus Experience working across print, digital, experiential, and retail environments Exceptional attention to detail and commitment to high standards of quality Strong communicator and presenter, comfortable influencing senior stakeholders Highly collaborative, confident, and decisive creative leader Comfortable navigating ambiguity, fast-paced workflows, and shifting priorities Organized, accountable, and self-directed with excellent time management skills Experience applying AI tools to creative development and workflows Responsibilities Partner closely with the CCO to co-lead the overall creative vision and long-term evolution of the Celsius brand Act as a primary guardian of the Celsius brand system, ensuring consistency of visual identity, tone, and storytelling across all markets, channels, and partners Own and evolve brand expression across packaging, POS, campaigns, events, digital, merchandise, and innovation, delivering best-in-class, relevant creative Enforce brand standards globally, reviewing and approving work to ensure alignment across US and international markets Provide clear creative direction, feedback, and quality control across design, copy, production, CG, and external vendors Concept and direct brand photoshoots, including treatments, visual references, concept sketches, on-set art direction, and post-production review Develop and maintain brand frameworks, toolkits, and visual systems that enable teams to execute consistently at scale Guide the development of brand copy and messaging, ensuring verbal tone, headlines, and storytelling align with the Celsius voice Lead and mentor designers, art directors, and copywriters—setting expectations, delegating work, and elevating creative output Collaborate cross-functionally with innovation, marketing, digital, ecommerce, social, and project management teams to bring new ideas to market Oversee packaging and label design development, balancing innovation with brand cohesion and production realities Review and approve print-ready and digital-ready assets across all touchpoints Create moodboards, sketches, and visual references to clearly communicate creative intent Present and pitch creative concepts to internal stakeholders with confidence and clarity Manage and brief external creative partners, agencies, and freelancers as needed Contribute hands-on creative work when required, including layout, typography, illustration, and concept development Balance creative ambition with business objectives, timelines, and operational constraints Stay current on design trends, cultural shifts, and the competitive landscape to inform creative evolution Champion ownership, accountability, and creative excellence across all workstreams Leverage AI and emerging tools (ChatGPT, Midjourney, etc.) to enhance workflows, accelerate concepting, and unlock new creative approaches"	"{""Adobe Creative Suite"",Figma,""Microsoft Tools"",ChatGPT,Midjourney,guardian}"
"Job Title Senior Python Engineer Job Description About Fulfil Fulfil is the modern ERP for commerce. Built to power the fastest-growing eCommerce brands, our platform brings together order management, inventory, accounting, and more, turning complex operations into a strategic advantage. We’re trusted by brands like HexClad, Ridge Wallet, Caraway, and Resident, and backed by people who want to change the way merchant operations are run. We believe in deep work, radical accountability, and building tools that let sharp people move faster. About the Role As a Python Engineer (Full Stack & AI) at Fulfil, you will design and build next-generation systems that power millions of customer orders and financial transactions for some of the world’s fastest-growing merchants. Our Python-based platform operates at a significant scale, handling millions of transactions per hour. Your work will have a direct impact on system reliability, scalability, and product innovation. You’ll collaborate closely with teammates across Canada, the U.S., and India, working in a highly ownership-driven environment that values clean architecture, pragmatic engineering, and thoughtful problem-solving. Location: Toronto, Ontario (in-office 5 days per week) Type: Full-Time Expected Start Date: Immediately What You’ll Do Own the Full Stack Design, build, and maintain end-to-end functionality across our Python-based platform, from backend services to frontend integrations. Work within a large, mature codebase while contributing to its long-term evolution and scalability. Deliver Features at Speed Lead the design, development, testing, and deployment of new features that directly support high-growth merchants. Balance rapid delivery with long-term maintainability. Apply AI in Production Integrate AI-powered capabilities into Fulfil’s ERP using LLMs (e.g., OpenAI, Anthropic). Build intelligent workflows that enhance automation, decision-making, and merchant experience across orders, financials, and operations. Scale with Confidence Design and optimize REST and GraphQL APIs (600+ endpoints), microservices, and background processing pipelines. Work with containerized infrastructure (Docker/Kubernetes) to support high availability and zero-downtime deployments. Champion Code Quality Refactor and modernize legacy systems. Write well-tested, readable code using pytest. Participate in code reviews and architectural discussions to raise the bar across the team. Build Ecosystem Integrations Develop and maintain integrations with major commerce platforms (Shopify, Amazon) and logistics providers (FedEx, DHL). Ensure reliable data flows across external systems and Fulfil’s core platform. Restrictions No telecommuting No Agencies Please Requirements Required Experience 5+ years of experience, ideally, building applications at scale from scratch. Strong experience building large-scale backend systems and microservices using Python. Hands-on experience with ORMs (e.g., SQLAlchemy, Django ORM) and relational databases (PostgreSQL preferred). Proficiency with distributed systems components such as Celery, Redis, RabbitMQ, and background processing. Experience writing automated tests (pytest) and using Git in a collaborative environment. Demonstrated ownership—seeing projects through from design to production and ongoing support. Bonus Points Experience scaling systems at a high-growth tech company. Familiarity with cloud platforms (Google Cloud, Heroku, etc.). Passion for optimizing distributed systems or e-commerce workflows. Domain-Focused Product Engineering: Experience building or scaling production software in commerce, logistics, or operations domains (e.g., order management, inventory, fulfillment, WMS) or in FinTech/financial systems (payments, reconciliation, revenue recognition, invoicing). About the Company Our Approach to AI What We Do Leverage LLMs (OpenAI API, Claude API) to embed AI-driven capabilities into Fulfil’s ERP, powering natural language interfaces, intelligent automation, and merchant-facing insights (e.g., Fulfil x MCP integrations with Claude). Focus on applied AI for commerce operations — integrating models to solve real problems like order management, financial analysis, customer insights, and logistics optimization. What We Don’t We are not a core ML/AI research company — we don’t train or fine-tune foundation models. We focus on integrating and productizing AI, rather than building new ML frameworks or developing custom model architectures. What It’s Really Like to Work at Fulfil We’re building the ERP that fast-growing eCommerce brands actually want to use, which means we’re taking on entrenched enterprise software with a small, intense team. Big Tech and VC-backed startups are 400-horsepower engines running at 25% efficiency. They have bloated teams, endless meetings, six months to ship a feature. At Fulfil, we’re a 200-horsepower engine running at 100%. We’re bootstrapped, profitable, and growing steadily. No permission layers. No “alignment meetings” about alignment meetings. Everyone ships everyday. The work: You’ll own meaningful problems with direct customer impact. Our customers run 24/7 operations across time zones, and when they’re launching on BFCM or scaling from $10M to $100M, they need us to move fast. That urgency flows downstream. This is high-intensity work with real consequences. What high-intensity actually means: Most weeks are 45-55 hours; peak seasons (BFCM, major launches) hit 60+ Occasional off-hours calls with our distributed team or for customer launches Long days (10+ hours) aren’t uncommon The work doesn’t pause even if we try to protect your focus time What you get in return: Real autonomy over execution (we measure impact, not facetime) Ownership of problems that matter to real businesses Unlimited PTO we actually want you to use (we’d rather you rest than burn out) If you’ve ever felt like you’re capable of 10x more than your current environment allows you to output, that’s the gap between your potential and your actual impact. Fulfil eliminates that gap. You’ll thrive here if: you’re the type who gets energy from building something that matters, want ownership over outcomes vs tasks, are open to receiving regular, direct feedback in public Slack channels from multiple people, and like moving fast without red tape. This isn’t for you if: you need a strict 40-hour boundary, prefer structured oversight, or want work to be a contained part of your life. Contact Info E-mail contact : japneet . gill @ fulfil . io Web : https://www.fulfil.io/careers/"	"{Python,SQLAlchemy,""Django ORM"",PostgreSQL,Celery,Redis,RabbitMQ,pytest,Git,Docker,Kubernetes,Shopify,Amazon,FedEx,DHL,fintech,claude,graphql,openai,anthropic,heroku,django}"
"Tango is a live-streaming platform with 400M+ registered users — high-scale B2C at the intersection of video streaming, creator economy, and social features. I&#x27;m an Engineering Manager building two product teams focused on activation and retention. Looking for engineers who take ownership and push back when something doesn&#x27;t make sense. Backend: Java 17–21, Spring Boot, GCP, Apache Kafka, MySQL, Redis, Aerospike Frontend: React 16+ (hooks), TypeScript&#x2F;ES6+, Redux + Redux Toolkit, SASS, Jest Android: Kotlin&#x2F;Java, Dagger2, Compose UI, Kotlin Flows, Coroutines Open roles: Senior Backend Engineer Senior Frontend Engineer Senior Android Engineer QA Engineer (automation-focused) Relocation to Limassol, Cyprus: full relocation package, work permit + residence permit for spouse, hybrid (1 remote day&#x2F;week), stock options, competitive salary + performance bonus, medical insurance, meals in office. Careers: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;business.tango.me&#x2F;careers Direct contact: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;t.me&#x2F;joetribbb"	"{""Java 17–21"",""Spring Boot"",GCP,""Apache Kafka"",MySQL,Redis,Aerospike,""React 16+ (hooks)"",TypeScript/ES6+,""Redux Toolkit"",SASS,Jest,Kotlin/Java,Dagger2,""Compose UI"",""Kotlin Flows"",Coroutines,android,kotlin,spring,react,typescript,apache,kafka,redux}"
"The role This is not a job for a generalist. We need someone who lives and breathes the accommodation booking journey, who knows what friction looks like for a traveller comparing a direct booking with Booking.com , and who can translate that insight into interfaces that convert. You'll work closely with product and engineering across the full Roomstay platform contributing to UX strategy, shaping flows, and delivering UI that's pixel-perfect and intentional at every breakpoint. You'll pick up briefs independently, ask the right questions upfront, and produce work that holds up to scrutiny. What you'll work on Booking engine UI Guest-facing flows, room selection, rate comparison, and checkout — optimised to convert at every step Reporting dashboards Property management tools, rate and availability controls, analytics, and reporting interfaces Design system Contributing to a scalable component library across web and mobile breakpoints New features and experiments Rapid prototyping and A/B test design for conversion-led product initiatives What we're looking for Must-haves Accommodation or travel tech background. You've worked on a hotel, OTA, short-stay, or travel booking product. You know why a guest abandons. You understand rate logic, room categories, and the booking funnel intuitively. Pixel-perfect UI execution. Your Figma files are clean, your asthetic is deliberate, your components are named and nested properly. You don't ship ""close enough"". Cutting-edge design sensibility. Your references aren't from 2020. You're across what's emerging in product design — motion, micro-interaction, layout, typography and you bring informed opinions, not trends for trends' sake. Strong UX reasoning. You can contribute to flow architecture and present rationale. You ask clarifying questions before diving in, not after. Brief-driven and self-directed. You can take a written brief, interpret it, and return high-quality work without hand-holding. You flag blockers early and manage your own time. Figma proficiency. Auto-layout, variables, components, prototyping all second nature. Dev-handoff-ready files as standard. Bonus Experience with booking engine, PMS, or channel manager products (Siteminder, Opera, MEWS etc.) Understanding of conversion rate optimisation and A/B testing in e-commerce or booking contexts Front-end awareness (HTML/CSS) — can gut-check what's buildable Experience designing for B2B SaaS dashboards as well as consumer-facing interfaces Motion and animation design for UI feedback and micro-interactions How we work We're a senior team that moves fast. There are no layers you'll work directly with product and engineering, with short feedback loops and clear briefs. We care about quality and turnaround, not hours logged. This role is remote-first with flexible hours. We operate primarily across APAC and EMEA time zones, so some overlap is expected. To apply Show us work from the travel or accommodation space - if it's not in your portfolio, tell us about it. Case studies over static screens, but we'll take both. No recruiters. No spec work requests. If we like what we see, we'll set up a short call within a few days."	"{Figma,Siteminder,Opera,MEWS,prototyping}"
"Upmarket Partner Specialist US - Remote As a Upmarket Partner Specialist, you will be responsible for identifying, sourcing, and closing good fit partners. Using strong consultative selling skills, you will balance contacting warm inbound leads as well as sourcing for your own pipeline. In this role you are responsible for selling the value of HubSpot's software, the Inbound methodology, and the Partner Program. During the sales process, you will guide prospective partners as they learn how HubSpot can help them improve their client acquisition rates, client retention rates and overall business profitability. In this role, you’ll get to: Build and manage a high quality pipeline of prospective partners through inbound and outbound strategies. Dissect a partner's business goals and help them develop a better plan for achieving them and enabling them to be consistent, high-impact resellers Become an expert at articulating how HubSpot’s software enables partners to expand their service offerings, increase revenue per client, and build a scalable go-to-market motion through the partnership. Close new business at or above quota level by identifying partners who are willing to source leads, invest both time and money in leveraging our software and training, and close new business opportunities for HubSpot. Work with marketing and technology departments to execute sales strategy as the company introduces enhancements to existing solutions and/or releases new products. Bring your thinking, strategies, and ideas to advance our company’s values, unique culture, and vision for the future. Remain actively engaged post-recruitment to nurture and develop partners, driving multiple reselling opportunities within the first 12 months of the partnership. We are looking for people who: 2-3 years of direct sales experience in a quota-driven role Have the desire and commitment to do what it takes to be successful in sales Have a positive outlook and a strong ability to take responsibility for their successes and failures Have exceptional consultative selling skills and closing skills Consistently recognized as a top performer in their current role Have a sharp focus on their goals and a belief that their daily, weekly and monthly activities will help achieve them Approaches challenges with a customer-first mindset and embraces continuous growth and improvement Pay & Benefits The cash compensation below includes base salary, on-target commission for employees in eligible roles, and annual bonus targets under HubSpot’s bonus plan for eligible roles. In addition to cash compensation, some roles are eligible to participate in HubSpot’s equity plan to receive restricted stock units (RSUs). Some roles may also be eligible for overtime pay. Individual compensation packages are tailored to your skills, experience, qualifications, and other job-related reasons. This resource will help guide how we recommend thinking about the range you see. Learn more about HubSpot’s compensation philosophy . Benefits are also an important piece of your total compensation package. Explore the benefits and perks HubSpot offers to help employees grow better. At HubSpot, fair compensation practices aren’t just about checking off the box for legal compliance. It’s about living out our value of transparency with our employees, candidates, and community. Annual Cash Compensation Range: $120,000 - $150,000 USD We know the confidence gap and impostor syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply — we’d love to hear from you. If you need accommodations or assistance due to a disability, please reach out to us using this form . At HubSpot, we value both flexibility and connection. Whether you’re a Remote employee or work from the Office, we want you to start your journey here by building strong connections with your team and peers. If you are joining our Engineering team, you will be required to attend a regional HubSpot office for in-person onboarding. If you join our broader Product team, you’ll also attend other in-person events, such as your Product Group Summit and other gatherings, to continue building on those connections. If you require an accommodation due to travel limitations or other reasons, please inform your recruiter during the hiring process. We are committed to supporting candidates who may need alternative arrangements Massachusetts Applicants: It is unlawful in Massachusetts to require or administer a lie detector test as a condition of employment or continued employment. An employer who violates this law shall be subject to criminal penalties and civil liability. Germany Applicants: (m/f/d) - link to HubSpot's Career Diversity page here . India Applicants: link to HubSpot India's equal opportunity policy here . About HubSpot HubSpot (NYSE: HUBS) is an AI-powered customer platform with all the software, integrations, and resources customers need to connect marketing, sales, and service. HubSpot's connected platform enables businesses to grow faster by focusing on what matters most: customers. At HubSpot, bold is our baseline. Our employees around the globe move fast, stay customer-obsessed, and win together. Our culture is grounded in four commitments: Solve for the Customer, Be Bold, Learn Fast, Align, Adapt & Go!, and Deliver with HEART. These commitments shape how we work, lead, and grow. We’re building a company where people can do their best work . We focus on brilliant work, not badge swipes. By combining clarity, ownership, and trust, we create space for big thinking and meaningful progress. And we know that when our employees grow, our customers do too. Recognized globally for our award-winning culture by Comparably, Glassdoor, Fortune, and more, HubSpot is headquartered in Cambridge, MA, with employees and offices around the world. Explore more: HubSpot Careers Life at HubSpot on Instagram HubSpot may use AI to help screen or assess candidates, but all hiring decisions are always human. More information can be found here . By submitting your application, you agree that HubSpot may collect your personal data for recruiting, global organization planning, and related purposes. We may use CLEAR ID Verification during the hiring process to confirm your identity and help maintain a safe, secure, and trusted experience for all candidates. Refer to HubSpot's Recruiting Privacy Notice for details on data processing and your rights."	"{hubspot}"
"About Astound Digital At Astound Digital, we are pioneers in the digital landscape, dedicated to transforming how the world interacts with technology, data, and creativity. Our role as trusted advisors in the digital landscape empowers the world’s most innovative brands with frictionless, end-to-end customer experiences. We are known for our comprehensive solutions, proven expertise, and collaborative, nimble approach that instills confidence in our clients. We embrace the power of Artificial Intelligence (AI) to drive innovation, efficiency, and better outcomes for our clients and employees. Join us to navigate and lead in the ever-changing digital world, where your impact will extend beyond the ordinary. Job Purpose: Drive digital transformation. Build client trust. Shape the future of Salesforce-powered commerce. At Astound Digital, we’re looking for a Sales Consultant who’s passionate about helping enterprise clients unlock growth through Salesforce solutions. In this role, you’ll be the face of Astound to our Salesforce ecosystem partners and clients—driving consultative sales conversations, influencing strategic roadmaps, and closing deals that deliver real business impact. This opportunity is ideal for someone with a strong background in selling Salesforce services or solutions, with a proven ability to drive net new business. The right candidate thrives in fast-paced, collaborative environments, builds lasting client relationships, and is passionate about helping organizations achieve digital transformation through Salesforce. In this role, you’ll get to: Drive consultative sales cycles — own the end-to-end process from prospecting and qualification to proposal and close. Sell Astounds full suite of Salesforce services including advisory, implementation, and managed services to enterprise customers. Partner closely with Salesforce Account Executives, VPs of Sales, and Cloud Specialists to identify joint opportunities and co-sell strategic deals. Lead discovery sessions with clients to uncover challenges, define business goals, and position tailored Salesforce-led solutions. Build strong executive relationships with client stakeholders, becoming a trusted advisor who aligns digital strategy with measurable outcomes. Identify and execute growth opportunities through upsells, cross-sells, and renewals—maximizing long-term customer value. Collaborate internally with delivery and marketing teams to shape proposals, scope engagements, and ensure client success post-sale. Represent Astound at Salesforce and industry events to expand your network, strengthen partnerships, and generate qualified leads. Your skills and qualifications: 3+ years of Salesforce-related sales experience (selling professional services, implementations, or platform solutions). Proven success in driving enterprise-level deals with strong knowledge of the Salesforce ecosystem (Sales, Service, Commerce, or Data Cloud). Experience managing consultative, multi-stakeholder sales cycles from lead generation through contract execution. Established relationships within the Salesforce partner network and the ability to co-sell effectively. Excellent communication, presentation, and negotiation skills with C-suite and VP-level stakeholders. Self-starter mindset with a passion for digital transformation and innovative technology solutions. Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field preferred. Good to Have: Experience working for a Salesforce consulting partner or ISV with exposure to co-selling motions and partner programs. Deep understanding of Salesforce Clouds such as Commerce, Marketing, Data, or Health Cloud. Proven track record of achieving or exceeding multi-million-dollar sales quotas in professional services or SaaS. Familiarity with Salesforce tools like Partner Community, Slack, and Sales Cloud for managing pipeline and collaboration. Prior success building relationships within the Salesforce ecosystem, including Partner Alliances and Account Executives. Experience in solution-based selling, crafting client roadmaps, or scoping digital transformation initiatives. Strong industry knowledge in retail, consumer goods, or health & life sciences to align technology with business impact. What we offer in return Off-the-Charts Career Growth: Сlear career path and a performance review system, career coaching, training and certifications, mentoring and knowledge sharing; Well-being is Top Priority: Parental leave, flexible time off, comprehensive health and medical plans; Real Work-Life Balance: Remote, in-office, or hybrid working modes; flexible hours; work-life balance support on every stage and level; Culture of Success: Culture of collaboration that encourages innovation every step of the way; 8 offices spanning four continents bring diverse perspectives that drive tangible results for our clients worldwide. Why work for Astound Digital? Whether you’re working directly with our world-renowned clients or with your Astound colleagues from around the globe, you will shape the future of digital commerce, using emerging technologies and innovative approaches. Grow your career with Astound Digital, and discover exciting opportunities while doing the work you love! #LI-TS1 #L1-REMOTE"	"{""Partner Community"",Slack,""Sales Cloud"",""Commerce Cloud"",""Marketing Cloud"",""Data Cloud"",""Health Cloud"",salesforce,net}"
"BODi is on a mission to build the Health Esteem Category! Having just launched a new brand (from Beachbody to BODi), a new platform, and a new app where fitness and nutrition is supported by positive mindset content, BODi breaks from the fitness and diet industry and ushers in the era of Health Esteem. Health Esteem specifically rejects the legacy fitness and diet industry playbook of pursuing a healthy lifestyle based on self-criticism – a playbook Beachbody used to abide by. But after observing the uptick in mental health challenges since the pandemic and seeing that 74% of Americans remain overweight or obese today, despite the efforts of the fitness industry, BODi had to make a change. The Director of CRM & Lifecycle Marketing drives the strategy and performance of BODi’s lifecycle ecosystem across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels, with accountability for activation, retention, customer lifetime value, and recurring revenue growth. This role leads the development of programs that help new members quickly build momentum on the platform, strengthen ongoing engagement with workouts and supplements, and increase multi-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Reporting to the VP of CRM, the Director designs lifecycle strategies that reinforce habit formation, encourage consistent product usage, and reduce churn through well-timed, behavior-driven engagement and monetization programs. Working closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics, this role uses customer behavior and performance insights to continuously improve onboarding, increase repeat purchase, and strengthen long-term subscription retention. Team Leadership & Operations Lead and develop the CRM and lifecycle marketing team, setting strategy and guiding execution across email, SMS, push, and in-app channels. Own lifecycle campaign planning and the cross-channel messaging calendar to support acquisition, onboarding, engagement, and retention. Oversee CRM platform architecture and operations, including segmentation frameworks, taxonomy, automation logic, and system organization. Own the relationship with CRM technology platforms (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud) and ensure tools are optimized for scale, personalization, and automation. Partner closely with Product, E-commerce, Media, and Analytics teams to align lifecycle programs with broader customer growth and revenue objectives. Lifecycle Strategy & Execution Define and execute lifecycle strategy that increases activation, engagement, retention, and cross-product adoption across the BODi ecosystem. Optimize onboarding journeys to accelerate time to first workout and drive early habit formation. Develop lifecycle programs that connect supplements, fitness programs, and membership benefits to increase multi-product adoption and customer lifetime value. Build engagement loops using milestones, streaks, and rewards that reinforce consistent product usage and long-term platform engagement. Design behavioral messaging triggered by inactivity, milestones, and product usage signals to reduce churn and drive re-engagement. Implement dynamic and personalized messaging based on workout behavior, purchase history, and customer goals. ​ Monetization & Customer Value Own lifecycle-driven revenue across subscriptions, supplements, and cross-category adoption. Increase LTV by driving repeat purchase, subscription retention, and multi-product engagement. Develop targeted upsell, cross-sell, and bundle strategies across lifecycle touchpoints. Partner with e-commerce and merchandising teams to activate lifecycle programs that support launches, promotions, and key revenue moments. ​ Analytics & Optimization Establish lifecycle performance frameworks and dashboards to track engagement, retention, revenue contribution, and customer value. Own forecasting and revenue impact modeling for lifecycle programs and ensure initiatives deliver against growth targets. Lead a structured experimentation roadmap across onboarding, engagement, retention, and upsell journeys. Partner with data science and analytics teams to implement predictive churn modeling and advanced lifecycle segmentation strategies. ​ Requirements: 8–12+ years in CRM, lifecycle marketing, retention, or customer marketing, including leadership experience owning multi-channel lifecycle programs. Shopify experience required, with a strong understanding of how promotions, merchandising, subscription mechanics, and onsite behavior connect to lifecycle performance. Proven track record driving lifecycle monetization, including repeat purchase, subscription retention, LTV growth, and cross-sell/upsell performance. Hands-on ownership of a CRM platform (e.g., Braze, Iterable, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Klaviyo), including segmentation strategy, automation architecture, and deliverability/channel health. Experience owning lifecycle strategy across email + SMS (required) and ideally push/in-app, including triggered journeys, onboarding, win-back, and post-purchase programs. Strong analytical ability and comfort with performance measurement: cohort retention, repeat rate, churn, AOV, revenue per user, incrementality testing, and forecasting lifecycle revenue impact. Experience building and managing a testing roadmap (journey optimization, creative/messaging, cadence, offers, personalization) with disciplined learning loops. Ability to translate customer behavior into personalization strategies (dynamic content, behavioral segmentation, lifecycle moments) without overcomplicating the system. Experience leading and developing teams (4–7 direct reports preferred) and operating cross-functionally with Product, E-commerce/Merchandising, Analytics, and Creative. Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience; MBA a plus. Beachbody, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, religion, creed, age, physical or mental disability, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. We want you to feel safe to be the Whole You – your authentic self – without concern of discrimination, retaliation, or bias. We are committed to fighting for equality, growing our diversity, and holding ourselves accountable for inclusion. Just as our employees, coaches, and partners commit to wellness and helping others, we are committed to creating a culture and community of holistic acceptance and belonging. To all recruitment agencies: Beachbody does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Beachbody employees, or any other company location. Beachbody is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. The applicable base salary range for each role varies based on several factors, including, but not limited to geographic location and job-related education, training, knowledge, and experience. This range may be modified in the future. The pay range for this position is: $137,100.00 - $175,000.00 In addition to your base pay, The Beachbody Company offers a top-notch total rewards package, including a comprehensive benefits suite, an annual bonus opportunity, an employee stock purchase plan, a 401k plan with company match, 12-week Maternity/Paternity Leave paid at 100%, employee perks & discounts, training & career development, and generous PTO. All benefits are subject to eligibility requirements and may vary depending on location and job level. Further information about benefits can be found here Click Link Here . The estimated deadline for accepting applications: 05/04/2026 Applicants should apply at Beachbody’s internal and external career sites."	"{Braze,Iterable,""Salesforce Marketing Cloud"",Klaviyo,Shopify,salesforce}"
"Date Posted: 2026-03-23 Country: United States of America Location: OTCTH: Connecticut Home Offices Remote Location, Remote City, CT, 06032 USA Would you like to join a truly international, talent driven company that values Safety, Ethics, Quality, Innovation and Employee Opportunity? The Sales & CRM Business Analyst plays a key role on the design team, partnering closely with business stakeholders and solution architects to deliver high‑value features for internal sales, marketing, and billing teams. While the primary focus is a Service Sales Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, the role also offers exposure to a broader suite of enterprise applications. This position is responsible for translating stakeholder visions into actionable, well‑defined features, documenting detailed design requirements, and effectively transitioning work items to development teams for execution. The Sales & CRM Business Analyst position provides the opportunity to learn the workings of a global business and has engagement with local stakeholders all over the world. The role allows one to grow in both business heavy as well as technical and digital skillsets. This role offers the ability to help evolve both business process and technical solutions across unique business streams. On a typical day you will: Assess existing Business Processes, System Landscapes, and User Pain Points in order to understand problem statements and recommend ideal technical solutions and system workarounds Facilitate Requirements Gathering Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Facilitate Functional Design Sessions with Business and Technical stakeholders Lead the documentation of detailed Functional Design Specifications (FDDs) in the form of Epics, Features, and User Stories Lead Scrum Team “Refinement” Sessions with Technical Stakeholders to summarize Feature’s Design, determine estimates, and complete preparation activities for upcoming Sprint Cycles Present live Product Demonstrations for enhancements being introduced into the solution Provide Support for QA + UAT Test Case Authoring and Execution Activities Review, Triage, and provide clarifications for System Bugs and Production Incidents Prepare System Release Notes to be distributed to End Users for training and change management purposes Assist with Sprint Planning Activities and send communications to key stakeholders Participate in team retrospectives and help drive continuous improvement What you will need to be successful: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field preferred; high school diploma or GED required 2+ years of IT experience with progressive responsibility in business analysis and functional design Experience leading business process improvements, requirements gathering, and functional design Experience preparing and delivering product demonstrations Proven ability to facilitate cross‑functional, multi‑geography workshops (international experience a plus) Ability to evaluate and drive technical solutions based on feasibility, cost/benefit, and complexity Strong interpersonal, collaboration, facilitation, and negotiation skills Ability to balance strategic (“big picture”) thinking with tactical execution Highly organized, analytical, and detail‑oriented Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong experience with Agile software development methodologies Exposure to diverse business systems and technologies Experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 (Sales module) strongly preferred Experience with cloud‑based solutions, including data migrations, integrations, APIs, reporting, and customizations Experience with Azure DevOps (ADO) preferred Additional Comments: Given the nature of the position, applicants must have authorization to work in the U.S. now and in the future without sponsorship. What we offer: We offer a 401(k) plan with a generous company match and an automatic retirement contribution for your future financial security from day one of your employment, you and your eligible dependents will receive comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental, and vision coverage. Enjoy three weeks of paid vacation, along with paid company holidays We provide paid sick leave, employee assistance, and wellness incentive programs to support your well-being. Life insurance and disability coverage to protect you and your family. Voluntary benefits, including options for legal, pet, home, and auto insurance. We offer generous birth/adoption and parental leave benefits, as well as adoption assistance, to support growing families. Pursue your educational goals with our tuition reimbursement program. Recognize and be recognized! We celebrate service anniversaries and offer spot performance bonus opportunities to show our appreciation. The salary range for this role is $116,000 - $174,000. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the range may change in the future. Pay within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs. If you live in a city, chances are we will give you a lift or play a role in keeping you moving every day. Otis is the world’s leading elevator and escalator manufacturing, installation, and service company. We move 2.4 billion people every day and maintain approximately 2.4 million customer units worldwide, the industry's largest Service portfolio. You may recognize our products in some of the world’s most famous landmarks including the Eiffel Tower, Empire State Building, Burj Khalifa and the Petronas Twin Towers! We are 72,000 people strong, including engineers, digital technology experts, sales, and functional specialists, as well as factory and field technicians, all committed to meeting the diverse needs of our customers and passengers in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. We are proud to be a diverse, global team with a proven legacy of innovation that continues to be the bedrock of a fast-moving, high-performance company. When you join Otis, you become part of an innovative global industry leader with a resilient business model. You’ll belong to a diverse, trusted, and caring community where your contributions, and the skills and capabilities you’ll gain working alongside the best and brightest, keep us connected and on the cutting edge. We provide opportunities, training, and resources, that build leadership and capabilities in Sales, Field, Engineering and Major Projects and our Employee Scholar Program is a notable point of pride, through which Otis sponsors colleagues to pursue degrees or certification programs. Today, our focus more than ever is on people. As a global, people-powered company, we put people – passengers, customers, and colleagues – at the center of everything we do. We are guided by our values that we call our Three Absolutes – prioritizing Safety, Ethics, Quality in all that we do. If you would like to learn more about environmental, social and governance (ESG) at Otis click here . Become a part of the Otis team and help us #Buildwhatsnext! Otis is An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other protected class according to applicable law. To request an accommodation in completing an employment application due to a special need or a disability, please contact us at careers@otis.com. Privacy Policy and Terms: Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics 365"",""Azure DevOps"",azure}"
"About NCR VOYIX NCR Voyix Corporation (NYSE: VYX) is a global platform-powered leader in unified commerce for shopping and dining. Combining a flexible, intelligent platform with end-to-end payments capabilities and services developed through its deep industry experience, NCR Voyix empowers retailers and restaurants to accelerate new possibilities for their operations, experiences and business outcomes. NCR Voyix is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, and serves customers in more than 35 countries worldwide. Job Description: Oracle EBS CRM Developer (On‑Prem + Fusion) – 4 Years Experience Position: Oracle EBS / Oracle Fusion CRM Technical Developer Experience: 4 years Key Expertise: CRM (Service Request, Task, Incident Management) Location: Gurugram Type: Full-time About the Role We are seeking an Oracle Technical Developer with strong hands-on experience in Oracle EBS CRM modules particularly Service Request, Task Management, and Incident Management along with exposure to Oracle Cloud Fusion CRM. The candidate should be capable of developing custom solutions, integrations, and enhancements across CRM processes. Key Responsibilities Develop and support Oracle EBS CRM modules, including Service Requests (SR), Tasks, Incidents, Contact, Customer, Site, and related components. Customize and enhance CRM workflows, D2K forms, reports, APIs, and business events. Develop PL/SQL packages, procedures, views, and performance‑optimized CRM queries. Build and support integrations between EBS CRM ↔ Fusion, using REST/SOAP services Perform issue analysis, debugging, and resolution for CRM-related defects. Collaborate with functional teams to translate CRM business requirements into technical designs. Prepare technical design documents, test cases, and release deployment artifacts. Required Skills Bachelor’s degree in computer science, IT, or related discipline. 4–5 years of hands-on experience in Oracle EBS R12 CRM modules. Strong experience with CRM components: Service Request (SR), Tasks, Incidents Customer/Sites Strong skills in: PL/SQL Oracle Forms, Workflows ,AOL objects XML Publisher / BI Publisher Web services integrations Good understanding of Oracle EBS CRM architecture, tables, and APIs. Experience with Oracle Fusion Cloud CRM (basic to intermediate). Good understanding of Unix and shell scripting. Experience in performance tuning of CRM modules. Preferred/Good-to-Have Skills Experience with OA Framework (OAF). Knowledge of D2K forms development. Exposure to OIC integrations. Business Events & Workflow customizations in CRM. Experience with CRM-related integrations (e.g., CTI, third-party service tools). Soft Skills Strong communication and problem-solving skills. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with functional/business users. Attention to detail and strong ownership mindset. Offers of employment are conditional upon passage of screening criteria applicable to the job EEO Statement Integrated into our shared values is NCR Voyix’s commitment to diversity and equal employment opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. NCR Voyix is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. Every individual at NCR Voyix has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment. Statement to Third Party Agencies To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR Voyix only accepts resumes from agencies on the preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR Voyix employees, or any NCR Voyix facility. NCR Voyix is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes “When applying for a job, please make sure to only open emails that you will receive during your application process that come from a @ncrvoyix.com email domain.”"	"{sql,oracle,unix}"
"Somos a Framework! Evoluímos grandes marcas em todo o mundo com transformação digital e crescemos continuamente através de agilidade, design e tecnologia. Fazer parte do nosso time é saber que a sua jornada será de desafios reais, de crescimento contínuo e de contato diário com referências em tecnologia. Vem com a gente! *Todas as nossas vagas são abertas para PCDs! Benefícios? É claro que temos! 🍝 Vale alimentação e refeição no cartão Sólides Benefícios com mais de R$ 1.200,00 mensais 💻 Auxílio home office no valor de R$ 150,00 mensais 🚗 Você decide entre vale-transporte ou vale-combustível, no caso de vagas híbridas e presenciais 🏥 Plano de saúde e auxílio odontológico de alta qualidade ❤️ Seguro de vida que cobre doenças ocupacionais 💸 Participação nos lucros 💪 Total Pass para se manter saudável 🌎 Trib Pass para trocar moedas digitais por hospedagens e passagens aéreas com cobertura mundial 👶 Licença maternidade estendida: 180 dias 👶 Licença paternidade estendida: 30 dias 🥦 Desconto em consultas nutricionais 🧠 Desconto em terapia online 🛍️ Clube de benefícios para quem gosta de comprar com descontos 💡 Knowledge transfer através do Frame KT 💵 Bonificação por indicação de novos colaboradores E não paramos por aí! 🕗 Horário flexível 👕 No dress code 🍎 Nas pausas presenciais, fique à vontade para comer pães, bolos e frutas 💜 Ambiente leve, flexível e cultura colaborativa. E qual será a sua missão na Framework? Desenvolver e manter soluções personalizadas no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 , incluindo plugins, workflows e integrações com sistemas externos. Realizar customizações avançadas no CRM 11 utilizando linguagens como C# e JavaScript . Criar e manter APIs e serviços para integração com outras plataformas e sistemas corporativos. Participar da definição de soluções técnicas, propondo melhorias e garantindo a aderência às melhores práticas. Garantir a segurança e conformidade das soluções desenvolvidas, aplicando boas práticas de desenvolvimento seguro. Elaborar documentação técnica para apoiar manutenção e evolução das soluções. Colaborar com times multidisciplinares, garantindo alinhamento de requisitos e efetividade nas entregas. O que é preciso para fazer parte do time? Experiência comprovada em desenvolvimento e customização no Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11 . Conhecimento sólido em C#, .NET, JavaScript e Web API . Vivência em integrações entre sistemas corporativos. Habilidade analítica para diagnosticar e solucionar problemas complexos de software. Experiência com práticas de DevOps, CI/CD e ferramentas como Azure DevOps e Git . Será um diferencial se você: Graduação em Ciência da Computação, Engenharia de Software ou áreas correlatas. Conhecimento em ferramentas do Azure (Application Insights, Service Bus, Event Grid). Experiência em versões anteriores, como o CRM 4.0, e diferencial no CRM 365. A NOSSA EVOLUÇÃO É CRESCENTE! E, para acompanhar esse crescimento, precisamos de pessoas que agreguem propondo ideias, soluções e desafios! Gostou da oportunidade? Vamos juntos e​ faça parte da nossa história! 💜 #vempraframe"	"{""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 11"",C#,.NET,JavaScript,""Web API"",""Azure DevOps"",Git,""Application Insights"",""Service Bus"",""Event Grid"",""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0"",""Microsoft Dynamics CRM 365"",azure,net}"
"What You&rsquo;ll Do You&rsquo;ll be the connective tissue between our engineering team, our ERP partners, and the broader business. Day to day, that means: Roadmap & Strategy Own and maintain the product roadmap end to end. Prioritize features and integrations based on partner needs, customer feedback, and business impact. Communicate the &ldquo;what,&rdquo; &ldquo;why,&rdquo; and &ldquo;when&rdquo; clearly to engineering, leadership, and external stakeholders. ERP Partner Management Act as Payra&rsquo;s primary point of contact with ERP companies (think partner portals, developer programs, certification processes, and co-selling motions). Build and maintain strong working relationships with partner product and technical teams. Stay deeply current on each ERP ecosystem&rsquo;s release cycles, API changes, and marketplace requirements. Unblocking Engineering Handle the business and partnership side of developing within ERP partner systems: securing sandbox/dev environments, managing partner developer accounts and credentials, navigating approval and review processes, resolving licensing or compliance questions, and chasing down documentation or technical contacts so engineers can stay focused on building. Cross-functional Coordination Translate business requirements into clear specs and user stories. Run sprint planning and backlog grooming alongside engineering leads. Define success metrics and track them post-launch. Customer Insight Gather and synthesize feedback from customers, partners, and the sales team to inform what we build next. What We&rsquo;re Looking For Previous experience at a startup or a small fast-moving team where you were involved in bringing a new product to life from scratch. 3+ years of product management experience, ideally involving integrations, APIs, or platform/partnership work. You don&rsquo;t need to be a developer, but you should be comfortable navigating technical documentation and partner developer programs. Familiarity with at least one major ERP ecosystem is a plus (e.g., NetSuite, SAP, Microsoft Dynamics, Sage, Acumatica). A track record of managing external partner relationships. You know how to get things done when you don&rsquo;t control the other side of the table. Strong organizational skills and a bias toward action. You&rsquo;re the kind of person who sees a blocker and runs toward it rather than waiting for someone to assign it. Experience working closely with engineering teams in an agile environment. Nice to Have Direct experience with ERP partner certification or marketplace listing processes. Engineering background with coding proficiency."	"{NetSuite,SAP,""Microsoft Dynamics"",Sage,Acumatica}"
"We offer a strong engineering culture and are looking for engineers to design and optimize high-performance trading systems that power our periodic auction matching infrastructure. We build production systems in Rust and are seeking engineers with meaningful Rust, C++, Java, or Python experience, particularly from backend or systems-oriented environments. Systems Engineer Systems programming role focused on low-latency, high-throughput distributed computing. Work across order and data workflows, auction execution, reliability, and performance optimization to ensure the platform is efficient, fault-tolerant, and capable of complex trade matching at scale. We’re especially interested in engineers who: Have built backend or systems-level software Care deeply about performance, concurrency, and correctness Are motivated by real-time, performance-sensitive systems Have experience with compilers, static analysis, or language tooling (a strong plus) Software Engineer, Data Platform Build and evolve the infrastructure behind our analytics platform. The role sits between data engineering and backend development and focuses on high-volume, time-sensitive data pipelines and workflow systems that process terabytes of trading data and billions of rows daily. We’re especially interested in engineers who: Have built internal data platforms or large-scale pipelines (Python&#x2F;SQL; Rust a plus) Have experience with workflow orchestration (Temporal, Airflow, Dagster, etc.) Have worked with large datasets, columnar formats (Parquet&#x2F;Arrow), and production data systems"	"{Rust,C++,Java,Python,Temporal,Airflow,Dagster,Parquet,Arrow,sql}"
"We're building a new payment infrastructure where no human writes code. Every line ships through AI agents. We rely on AI harness. == What you'll do \ Architect and steer AI agents to build, test, and ship payment infrastructure\ Design prompts, workflows, and guardrails that produce production-grade code\ Own features end-to-end — from spec to deployment — without writing code yourself == What we're looking for \ Hands-on experience with agent harnesses (Claude Code, Codex, Cursor…)\ Strong software engineering judgment — you need to know what good code looks like even if you're not typing it\ Comfort with payments, fintech, or regulated systems is a plus\ Bias toward shipping == What this is not \ A traditional engineering role. You will NOT be writing code.\ A prompt engineering role. You'll be orchestrating autonomous agents across a real codebase.\ If you've been running agents in production and want to prove this model works at scale — reach out."	"{""Claude Code"",Codex,Cursor,fintech,claude}"
"C4Media, Inc. (HQ Toronto, Canada. Private. Established in 2007), is seeking a Mobile Developer, React Native (contractor) to join our fully remote, global, fun, and friendly team. As a Mobile Developer, you will focus on execution and delivery, building and maintaining mobile features end-to-end—from consuming APIs and managing state to rendering polished, production-ready UI on iOS and Android. The ideal candidate: Is comfortable sitting between frontend and backend concerns Can take a spec and turn it into a complete mobile feature Understands that most bugs live in data flow and edge cases Is pragmatic about architecture and tooling Takes responsibility for the stability of what they ship What You'll Do Implement Mobile Features: Build complete features in React Native, from API integration to UI rendering. Data & State Handling: Consume REST APIs, manage async data flows, caching, and error states. Cross-Platform Delivery: Ensure features behave consistently across iOS and Android. Production Readiness: Handle loading states, retries, offline scenarios, and edge cases. Collaboration: Work with backend and product teams to implement requirements accurately and efficiently. Maintain Codebase: Improve existing code, refactor when needed, and keep technical debt under control. Job Requirements Professional Experience, Skills & Education: 3–5 years of professional mobile development experience Strong proficiency in React Native Solid TypeScript skills Experience integrating APIs (REST) Experience with mobile state management (Redux) Good understanding of mobile performance considerations Familiarity with iOS and Android platform differences Experience shipping apps to production Portfolio required: Examples of shipped apps, repositories, or concrete feature work Only candidates who submit their applications in English will be considered for this role (including resume) Setup Requirements: Able to work in a full-time remote position Reside in Europe Able to work as an independent contractor Able to work in overlap with our core global office hours (9 AM - 1 PM EST) Quiet home office and ability to work comfortably from home Reliable infrastructure: Access to high-speed internet and a modern computer Able and willing to travel to locations in the USA or Europe 1–3 times per year, with an average stay of 4–8 days, to attend our software conferences and annual company meetings Why work for C4Media: Work from home - always: We are a remote-first and remote-always team who has been successfully operating on a work-from-home basis since 2007. And we have no intention of changing that. Travel the world: C4Media offers an opportunity to travel 1 - 3 times a year at our expense to NYC, SF, London, and other fun, global locations for conferences & team building. We also got you covered to add a sightseeing day to the end of the trip! Take care of each other: We look out for one another and prioritize respect, fairness, support, and well-being. Check out our core values on our careers page. Learn something new: C4Media&rsquo;s culture is one of learning & mastering. Everyone has a training and education budget for professional growth every year and is encouraged to use it. Make friends across the world: Be a part of a leading, fast-growing international company and build a network of international friends and colleagues for life. Support wellbeing: In an effort to make physical activity more readily accessible, we offer staff an annual subsidy towards fitness and wellness. Generous paid time off: In addition to 25 paid days off in the 1st year and 30 paid days off in every subsequent year, we provide 1 paid day off for birthdays (or a similar special day) and 2 paid days for continuing education."	"{""React Native"",TypeScript,Redux,react,android,ios}"
"At Veriff, we verify identities at scale, helping businesses connect with honest people online. Our software verifies over 10,000 government-issued documents from more than 190 countries, and this is growing fast! These are millions of verified identities a year and countless people working behind the scenes to help make the lives of millions—and eventually billions—of people safer online. We are a force for good, and we want to be the standard for trust online. As a Senior Software Engineer, you will do more than write code—you will help architect scalable systems, mentor engineers, and drive business impact. We are looking for problem solvers like you to ensure this happens. The Platform Area supports cross-domain business needs and processes through a common platform infrastructure. The development and evolution of the Veriff Platform are critical to our success. Our platform allows us to quickly adapt our technology to meet the rapidly evolving identity verification market needs and the strong appetite of our teams and customers to use innovative solutions to identify their customers and keep their communities safe. The Veriff platform is a technical area with lots of business and scalability challenges that are key to Veriff’s continuous success. You’ll help us protect honest people online by: Build & Scale: Design high-performance, maintainable, and secure systems that handle millions of verifications. Lead & Mentor: Set the bar for technical excellence, sharing knowledge and guiding engineers. Innovate & Optimize: Improve automation, scalability, and reliability. Own & Deliver: Take responsibility for end-to-end development in collaboration with product and design. Solve with a Holistic Mindset: Apply curiosity, adaptability, and multi-skill problem-solving to technical challenges. You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have: Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications Long-term experience in NodeJS using TypeScript Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards If you're passionate about coding, problem-solving, and contributing to Veriff's mission, we want to hear from you! Be part of a team that values innovation, collaboration, and excellence. Elements of Our Tech Stack Backend: Node.js (TypeScript), Python, Golang Frontend: React (TypeScript) Mobile: Kotlin (Android), Swift (iOS), Dart (Flutter), TypeScript (React Native) Infrastructure: AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform Data & ML: PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Python-based ML models Why Veriff? We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force. When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include... Flexibility to work from home Stock options that ensure your share in our success Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you! Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see Recruitment Privacy Policy . #LI-FS1#SPB1SPNTAL #LI-Remote"	"{Node.js,TypeScript,Python,Golang,React,Kotlin,Swift,Dart,Flutter,AWS,Kubernetes,Terraform,PostgreSQL,RabbitMQ,nodejs,node,android,ios}"
"The role, in a nutshell: This role is for a Staff Product Marketing Manager who will lead ongoing launches and growth initiatives for Chainguard Containers. Chainguard is innovative at its core - the products we build are new and different - and articulating our value in a compelling and credible way is essential to our growth. This role requires strong communication and collaboration skills and experience deeply understanding cloud-native software infrastructure products. What you’ll do: Manage ongoing launches of new capabilities, features, and integrations for Chainguard Containers and related tooling, ensuring successful cross-functional rollout across GTM teams and revenue growth. Drive growth initiatives with content and cross-functional plans that leverage Chainguard’s innovative launches and new use cases for solving supply chain security challenges. Develop and refine product positioning, messaging, presentations, and core content that articulate Chainguard’s unique value. Create enablement content and serve as a subject matter expert for sales and sales engineering teams, ensuring the field has the necessary tools and knowledge to succeed. Contribute to pricing and competitive analysis for Chainguard Containers. Collaborate with demand generation and corporate marketing teams by helping to develop campaigns, creating necessary content, and presenting at events. Collaborate with product management and engineering on product strategy. What we're looking for: 5-7 years of PMM experience in B2B technology, ideally with familiarity in open source software, enterprise security and/or engineering organizations, and technical products. Ability to manage product launches and go-to-market strategies effectively. Proven success in cross-functional, highly collaborative roles. Ability to perform well in a dynamic, rapidly growing environment, balancing both strategic planning and hands-on execution. Excellent communication skills, capable of conveying complex information in a clear and compelling manner. About Us Chainguard is the secure foundation for software development and deployment. By providing guarded open source software, built from source and updated continuously, Chainguard helps organizations eliminate threats in their software supply chains. Founded by the industry's leading experts on open source software, security and cloud native development, Chainguard has built the largest library of open source software that is secure by default. Chainguard’s mission is to be the safe source for open source. We live and breathe our company values: We are customer obsessed - We focus on delivering solutions to our customers that create value and make their lives better. We have a bias for intentional action - We prioritize, plan, try things, and fail fast. We don’t take ourselves too seriously (but we do serious work) - We are solving an important problem which takes focus, but we also like to enjoy the journey. We trust each other and assume good intentions - We’re transparent with decisions to empower team members to make well informed decisions. A few of the benefits we offer: Flexible & Remote-First Culture: Work remotely with team meetup opportunities, bi-annual destination summits, and a monthly stipend for coworking spaces, phone and internet costs. Our Approach to Equity: Receive stock options upon hire and promotion. Plus, you can participate in secondary offerings and have 10 years to exercise your options (yes, you read that correctly: 10 years!). 100% Covered Health Insurance: We cover 100% of your health, vision and dental insurance premiums for you and your dependents. Nothing comes out of your paycheck. ∞ Flexible Time Off: Take the time you need – to do our best work, we need to recharge and reset. 18 Weeks Paid Parental Leave: We offer 18 weeks for birthing parents and 12 weeks for non-birthing parents, with the option to use it all at once or throughout your child's first year. If your experience is close but doesn’t fulfill all requirements, please apply. We’re building the best team in technology and are focused on hiring “Chainguardians'' with unique backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences. Chainguard is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. By submitting your application, you acknowledge that Chainguard will process your personal data in accordance with Chainguard’s Privacy Policy . ©2025 Chainguard. All Rights Reserved."	"{containers}"
"About Advocate Advocate ( joinadvocate.com ) is transforming how Americans access government benefits. Our mission is to drive the time between need and relief down to zero. We have demonstrated significant progress toward this goal by combining proprietary AI-powered technology with expert human care and compassion. This approach provides an unparalleled experience for our claimants and, crucially, supports our government partners by reducing administrative burdens and enabling more efficient eligibility determinations. We’ve proven our cutting-edge AI technology works. Now, we are focused on scaling the distribution of our offering and the operations that support it. This is a unique challenge that requires a combination of high-tech precision and human-centered support. Tech Ops at Advocate At Advocate, the Tech Ops team is the connective tissue of the organization. We sit at the intersection of technology, marketing, and operations, ensuring these functions remain perfectly synchronized as we scale. We are not an IT support desk; we are front-line builders. We operate in the trenches alongside our internal users who work directly with our claimants. Our mandate is twofold: 1. Short-Term Agility: We keep the lights on and the systems humming. When roadblocks appear in production, we are there to patch them and ensure our team can continue serving claimants without friction. 2. Long-Term Scalability: We don't just fix problems; we observe patterns. We recognize recurring operational challenges and build scalable technology solutions that eliminate those hurdles for good. Tech Ops serves at the pleasure of those serving our claimants, empowering them to do their very best work every single day while contributing to our overall mission to drive time-to-relief down to zero. The Opportunity We are hiring for two Product Engineers to join our Tech Ops team. If you join us, these are some of the projects you will likely own: The End-to-End Journey Workbench. This is one of our most ambitious initiatives. We are building a centralized internal workbench to visualize the entire claimant journey, from the first ad click to the final case closure. You will build the connectivity and insights to track every onboarding step, Social Security submission, case data update, medical event, and communication touchpoint. This platform will allow us to see exactly where pipelines fail, where they succeed, and what the actual human experience feels like across the entire lifecycle. Building the External Claimant Portal. Today, claimants get updates by talking directly to our case managers. Internal and external user sentiment is overwhelming: we need a portal where users can pull real-time case status, push medical evidence directly from their providers, and receive critical updates. You could own this build from architectural design to user adoption. Engineering the Growth Engine. We are scaling our marketing operations. This involves building data warehouse pipelines to trigger outbound communications via platforms like Iterable, integrating with PPC platforms (Google, Meta, Microsoft) for conversion tracking, and ensuring our attribution models are bulletproof. You will be the primary bridge between engineering and our growth team. AI-Driven Developer Velocity. We want to turn ""I see something"" into ""We did something"" faster than ever. We are building a pipeline that takes change requests from Slack and uses LLMs with full repository context to automatically open a Pull Request for engineer review. We aim to automate the distance between operational feedback and production fixes. Front-Line Firefighting & System Resilience. TechOps is a high-availability environment. While we build for the future, we also protect the present. You will field ad hoc requests and production fires, ensuring our claimants never lose access to relief. You will be expected to master the balance between short-term viability and long-term stability: fixing the immediate issue while refactoring the system so it stays fixed for good. Next-Gen Platform Migration. As our Platform Engineering team builds the infrastructure to support new government benefits, such as Veterans’ affairs, you will lead the migration and integration of our current tech stack onto this new architecture, ensuring zero downtime for our active operations. Operational Digitization & Automation. We still deal with the physical world. You will work on projects to digitize and automate physical mail processing, automate complex government forms, and establish deep observability across all our systems to create a single source of truth for our data. ‍ The Requirements We operate as a high-leverage, specialized unit at Advocate. We are a small team of A-players who value excellence, high availability, and bias for action. We don’t just maintain systems; we are the force multipliers for the entire organization. Extreme Ownership. We need proactive drivers who own projects from gut feeling to production success. You don’t ask ""Are we there yet?"" You build the map and drive the car. You take responsibility for the ongoing success of your work, including opex, user adoption, and long-term stability. User-Obsessed Iteration. Great product engineers don't just read tickets; they build relationships with their users. You’ll talk to our users frequently, bounce ideas off them, and humble yourself to build what they actually need. You treat user feedback and system data as your primary north star. Observability over Guesswork. You believe that if it isn't measured, it isn't finished. You bake deep observability into every system you build so that data, not just opinions, drives our roadmap. By making system health and user behavior visible, you ease the burden of decision-making and allow the team to move faster with higher confidence. Massive Imperfect Action. You have a heavy bias toward shipping. You understand that the perfect tenth iteration is only possible after shipping versions one through nine. You’d rather ship a helpful MVP today and iterate tomorrow than spend a month in a back room building a masterpiece that no one asked for. Optimistic Problem Solvers. TechOps is challenging. Between scaling systems, shipping complex features, and handling a stream of support requests, things get hard. We need people who won't get disheartened, people who will collaborate, iterate, and ship their way out of any corner. The ""Camera On"" Mindset. This isn't a role for the lone wolf developer. You are part of a high-availability, highly collaborative team. You are comfortable being disrupted, you stay available to your peers, and you thrive in an environment where communication is constant and transparent. Technical Excellence in the Age of AI. While AI helps us move faster, you provide the foundational CS principles and architectural oversight that tools can't. You focus on scalability, maintainability, and deep observability. You ensure the systems we build are well-architected, stable, and easy to support when they break. The Support-Build Balance. You have the patience and professional maturity to balance new system build-outs with the reality of ongoing support. You take pride in maintaining a healthy codebase and refactoring systems to ensure they remain reliable as we grow. Trust and Feedback over Process. We value autonomy over control. You are expected to give and receive direct, constructive feedback and be generous with praise when it’s earned. You don't wait for sign-offs or permission; you push forward based on intuition and data. ‍ Tech Stack - Full-stack (TypeScript): TypeScript, React, Next.js, Nx, Node.js, GraphQL — building and maintaining full-stack apps in a monorepo. - Data: PostgreSQL, TypeORM, Redis — schema design, migrations, caching, and query performance. - Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Docker — running and evolving cloud infra and containerized services. - Integrations: Salesforce, Zendesk — CRM and support tooling, APIs, and sync patterns. - Marketing: Customer.io or Iterable, Webflow, paid ads (Google, Meta, Microsoft), conversion tracking — lifecycle messaging, marketing sites, paid campaigns, and attribution. - AI: LLM integration in production — prompting, tool use, RAG/agents, evaluation and safety, and when to use AI vs other approaches. - Quality & observability: Sentry, PostHog, Playwright — errors, product analytics, and reliable browser automation and E2E tests. - Data/analytics: Python, Databricks — pipelines, notebooks, and analytics workflows. Benefits - Comprehensive Health & Wellness: Access a full suite of medical, dental, and vision plans for you and your family, including $0 premium options and FSA/HSA accounts to suit your needs. - Time to Recharge: Balance work and life with 15 days of accrued PTO, 11 paid federal holidays, and dedicated sick leave for recovery and medical appointments. - Family-First Support: We provide 8 weeks of paid parental leave for all parents, plus an additional 2-week flex time transition period to help you ease back into work. - Professional Growth: Invest in your career with a $500 annual learning stipend plus 2 dedicated Growth Days each year to focus exclusively on your professional development. - Flexible Remote Culture: Work from wherever you are most productive. We use Slack and Gather to stay connected across time zones and host in-person team offsites up to six times per year. - Compensation & Ownership: We offer market-competitive salaries with performance-based raises and equity grants, ensuring every employee shares in Advocate’s long-term success. ️ Interview Process 1. Application. Our Tech Ops team will review your application. We’re looking to see how your skills and experience align with our needs. 2. Culture Interview. 45-minute video call with Kyle, Head of Tech Ops. Our goal is to explore your motivations to join our team, learn why you'd be a great fit, and answer questions about us. 3. Technical Interview. 75-minute video call with Kyle and Min, Tech Ops Product Engineer. You’ll choose from a list of current problem statements at the company – things you could very well be working on – and lead us through user interviews, requirements gathering, solutioning tradeoffs, and architecture diagramming. We want to see how you think and experience what it’s like to work with you on hard problems. 4. Company Interview. 30-minute video call with our CTO, Charley. 5. Offer. We’re a match! We’ll make you an offer to join the Advocate team! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"{TypeScript,React,Next.js,Nx,Node.js,GraphQL,PostgreSQL,TypeORM,Redis,AWS,Terraform,Docker,Salesforce,Zendesk,Customer.io,Iterable,Webflow,Google,Meta,Microsoft,Sentry,PostHog,Playwright,Python,Databricks,llm,node,rag}"
"We are looking for a highly skilled Senior AWS DevOps Engineer with strong expertise in cloud infrastructure, automation, and modern DevOps practices. The ideal candidate is technically strong, proactive, a great communicator, and brings positive energy to the team. Responsibilities: Recommend best practices for AWS cloud architectures and use of AWS resources Provide leadership in managing AWS resources, and the deployment of AWS resources Manage the Continuous Integration and Release deployment processes (i.e. Bitbucket, GitLab, Github, etc. & Terraform scripts) Manage Kubernetes clusters and related tooling Establish and ensure that comprehensive AWS disaster recovery architecture is maintained and operations are in place that comply with required RPOs and RTOs during business continuity events· Participate in IT/AWS/Azure strategic planning, project planning, and budget planning efforts Establish and maintain strong partnerships with AWS vendors and service suppliers Assist with the update and maintenance of AWS assets to ensure all systems are secure and up to date· Assist with the configuration, administration, and optimization of Enterprise IT monitoring tools to ensure proactive detection, alerting, and resolution of system issues. Partner and guide cross-functional teams to ensure successful delivery of AWS related solutions Qualifications: 10+ years’ experience in AWS and Azure infrastructure and cloud management· 5+ years’ experience with management of AWS and Azure resources· 5+ years’ experience in CI/CD Pipelines and Terraform· Experience with Docker and Kubernetes· Experience with scripting languages (e.g. Python, PowerShell, Bash, etc.)· Prior experience in a senior level role(s) in an IT organization· Extensive knowledge of AWS cloud center operations, network engineering, enterprise applications, security, and production support· Ability to see “big picture” across areas such as private and public hosted infrastructure and services, identity management, security, telecommunications, enterprise storage, big data opportunities, and end user experience· Proficient in AWS cloud native resources· Demonstrated critical thinking skills and ability to plan at a strategic, global level· Strong leadership and technical skills· Ability to communicate complex technical topics to a wide variety of audiences· Prior experience in the Life Sciences industry preferred what is it like to work at 3Pillar: At 3Pillar, we offer a world of opportunity:Imagine a flexible work environment – whether it's the office, your home, or a blend of both. From interviews to onboarding, we embody a remote-first approach. You will be part of a global team, learning from top talent around the world and across cultures, speaking English everyday. Our global workforce enables our team to leverage global resources to accomplish our work in efficient and effective teams. We’re big on your well-being – as a company, we spend a whole trimester in our annual cycle focused on wellbeing. Whether it is taking advantage of fitness offerings, mental health plans (country-dependent), or simply leveraging generous time off, we want all of our team members operating at their best. Our professional services model enables us to accelerate career growth and development opportunities - across projects, offerings, and industries. We are an equal opportunity employer. It goes without saying that we live by values like Intrinsic Dignity and Open Collaboration to create cutting-edge technology AND reinforce our commitment to diversity - globally and locally. Join us and be a part of a global tech community! Check out our Linkedin site and Careers page to learn more about what it’s like to be part of our #oneteam! We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"{AWS,Azure,Bitbucket,GitLab,GitHub,Terraform,Docker,Kubernetes,bash,python}"
"Our Company We’re Hitachi Digital, a company at the forefront of digital transformation and the fastest growing division of Hitachi Group. We’re crucial to the company’s strategy and ambition to become a premier global player in the massive and fast-moving digital transformation market. Our group companies, including GlobalLogic, Hitachi Digital Services, Hitachi Vantara and more, offer comprehensive services that span the entire digital lifecycle, from initial idea to full-scale operation and the infrastructure to run it on. Hitachi Digital represents One Hitachi, integrating domain knowledge and digital capabilities, and harnessing the power of the entire portfolio of services, technologies, and partnerships, to accelerate synergy creation and make real-world impact for our customers and society as a whole. Imagine the sheer breadth of talent it takes to unleash a digital future. We don’t expect you to ‘fit’ every requirement – your life experience, character, perspective, and passion for achieving great things in the world are equally as important to us. The Team As a Full Stack Developer, you will design and develop end-to-end web applications, ensuring seamless integration between front-end and back-end systems. You will focus on intuitive UI/UX, robust APIs, and data visualization using Looker BI, while leveraging best practices for scalability, security, and performance. The Role Application Development Design and implement responsive, user-friendly interfaces using React.js and modern UI frameworks. Develop and maintain RESTful APIs and backend services using Python and Node.js. Integrate Looker BI dashboards and embed analytics into applications for actionable insights. Ensure cross-browser compatibility, accessibility, and mobile responsiveness. Architecture & Integration Collaborate with architects to align solutions with enterprise standards and cloud-native patterns. Integrate applications with databases, authentication systems, and third-party APIs. Optimize application performance and scalability across distributed environments. Quality & Governance Implement secure coding practices, data protection, and compliance controls. Conduct code reviews, unit testing, and maintain CI/CD pipelines for continuous delivery. Document architecture decisions, workflows, and best practices. What you’ll bring Bachelor’s or Master’s in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field. 5+ years of experience in full-stack development. Strong proficiency in React.js, JavaScript/TypeScript, and modern UI frameworks. Hands-on experience with Python and Node.js for backend development. Experience with Looker BI or similar BI tools for data visualization. Familiarity with SQL/NoSQL databases and API integration. Understanding of UI/UX principles, responsive design, and accessibility standards. Preferred Qualifications Experience with cloud platforms (GCP preferred; AWS/Azure a plus). Knowledge of containerization (Docker, Kubernetes) and microservices architecture. Exposure to CI/CD tools (GitHub Actions, Jenkins) and DevOps practices. Familiarity with data analytics, ETL pipelines, and data modeling. Key Competencies Strong problem-solving and debugging skills. Ability to translate business requirements into intuitive user experiences. Collaborative mindset with excellent communication skills. Passion for clean, maintainable code and modern development practices. Success Metrics Delivery of high-quality, responsive applications meeting UI/UX standards. Integration of Looker BI dashboards for actionable insights. Reduction in application latency and improved scalability. Positive user feedback on usability and performance. What You’ll Work With Front-End: React.js, TypeScript, CSS-in-JS frameworks. Back-End: Python (Flask/Django), Node.js (Express), RESTful APIs. Data & BI: Looker BI, SQL/NoSQL databases. Cloud & DevOps: GCP (preferred), Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD pipelines. About us We’re a global, 1000-stong, diverse team of professional experts, promoting and delivering Social Innovation through our One Hitachi initiative (OT x IT x Product) and working on projects that have a real-world impact. We’re curious, passionate and empowered, blending our legacy of 110 years of innovation with our shaping our future. Here you’re not just another employee; you’re part of a tradition of excellence and a community working towards creating a digital future. #LI-AP1"	"{React.js,TypeScript,CSS-in-JS,Python,Flask,Django,Node.js,Express,""RESTful APIs"",""Looker BI"",NoSQL,GCP,Docker,Kubernetes,""GitHub Actions"",Jenkins,sql,javascript,azure,accessibility,aws,restful,node,etl,react,github}"
"Redefine the future of customer experiences. One conversation at a time. At Nextiva, we’re reimagining how businesses connect, bringing together customer experience and team collaboration on a single, conversation centric platform. Powered by AI, driven by human innovation. Our culture is forward thinking, customer obsessed and built on the belief that meaningful connections drive better business outcomes. Whether it’s through our signature Amazing Service®, the technology we create, or the experiences we cultivate, connection is at the core of who we are. If you’re ready to collaborate with incredible people, make an impact, and help businesses everywhere deliver truly amazing experiences, this is where you belong. Build Amazing. Deliver Amazing. Live Amazing. Be Amazing. Nextiva is at the forefront of redefining customer engagement with AI-powered communication solutions. We are looking for a Director of Product Management, AI Agents Platform to lead the strategic vision, development, and go-to-market execution of our next-generation agentic platform — enabling intelligent, multi-channel AI agents that deliver seamless communication experiences for businesses. This is a high-impact leadership role driving the evolution of Nextiva’s AI capabilities. You will oversee the product lifecycle for the AI Agent Platform, bridging innovation from our engineering teams with market needs across sales, marketing, and customer success. Key Responsibilities: Strategic Leadership Define and drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Nextiva’s AI Agent Platform, focusing on scalable, modular agentic solutions. Lead and mentor a team of product managers across the AI product portfolio. Partner with executive leadership to align AI initiatives with company objectives and market differentiation goals. Establish clear success metrics for adoption, engagement, and business impact of AI-driven products. Product Development & Market Expertise Deeply understand the agentic AI ecosystem , including intelligent virtual assistants (IVAs), conversational AI, and multi-agent architectures. Identify and prioritize use cases such as payment collection , FAQ support , and transactional agents across communication channels (voice, chat, SMS). Collaborate closely with engineering and data science teams to design and deliver robust, high-performing AI agents. Stay at the forefront of AI innovation — understanding emerging technologies, tools, and frameworks in the agentic and LLM space. Cross-Functional Collaboration Serve as the product liaison between the India-based development teams and the U.S. go-to-market organization. Work directly with sales, marketing, and customer success to translate complex AI capabilities into clear value propositions. Ensure internal teams are equipped to position, demo, and sell AI agent products effectively. Drive collaboration on documentation, enablement, and customer education for AI product launches. Customer & Market Engagement Engage directly with enterprise customers to understand evolving needs in AI automation and customer experience. Act as a customer-facing evangelist for Nextiva’s AI capabilities — participating in client meetings, product demos, and industry events. Build strategic relationships with external partners and platforms in the AI ecosystem. Qualifications 10+ years of product management experience, with at least 4+ in a leadership capacity overseeing AI, SaaS, or communication platform products. Strong understanding of agentic AI systems , LLM orchestration, and enterprise AI deployment. Proven success leading cross-functional teams and scaling products in complex, global environments. Experience working in customer-facing roles; able to articulate complex technology in simple, outcome-driven narratives. Background in UCaaS, CCaaS , or communication-centric software products strongly preferred. Excellent communication and leadership skills with the ability to bridge technical and business domains. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field; MBA or advanced degree preferred. What You’ll Bring A passion for AI-driven customer engagement and automation. The ability to translate vision into strategy — and strategy into execution. A growth mindset and a collaborative leadership style. Comfort operating in a fast-paced, globally distributed organization. Nextiva DNA (Core Competencies) Nextiva’s most successful team members share common traits and behaviors: Drives Results: Action-oriented with a passion for solving problems. They bring clarity and simplicity to ambiguous situations, challenge the status quo, and ask what can be done differently. They lead and drive change, celebrating success to build more success. Critical Thinker: Understands the ""why"" and identifies key drivers, learning from the past. They are fact-based and data-driven, forward-thinking , and see problems a few steps ahead. They provide options, recommendations, and actions, understanding risks and dependencies. Right Attitude: They are team-oriented, collaborative, competitive, and hate losing. They are resilient, able to bounce back from setbacks, zoom in and out, and get in the trenches to help solve important problems. They cultivate a culture of service, learning, support, and respect, caring for customers and teams. Total Rewards Our Total Rewards offerings are designed to allow Nexties to take care of themselves and their families so they can be their best, in and out of the office. Our compensation packages are tailored to each role and candidate's qualifications. We consider a wide range of factors, including skills, experience, training, and certifications, when determining compensation. We aim to offer competitive salaries or wages that reflect the value you bring to our team. Depending on the position, compensation may include base salary and/or hourly wages, incentives, or bonuses. The expected hiring range is $160,000-$300,000. A different level in the job hierarchy may apply to a specific candidate, resulting in a different hiring range. Health - Multiple health plan options to suit your needs, including medical, dental, vision, and telemedicine coverage Insurance - Life, disability, and supplemental indemnity plans Work-Life Balance ️ - Flexible Time Off (FTO) for salaried employees, PTO for hourly employees, Paid Sick Time (PST), paid parental bonding leave, and paid holidays Financial Security - 401(k) with company match, Health Savings Accounts with company contributions, Dependent Care FSA Wellness ‍ - Employee Assistance Program and comprehensive wellness initiatives Growth - Access to ongoing learning and development opportunities and career advancement At Nextiva, we're committed to supporting our employees' health, well-being, and professional growth. Join us and build a rewarding career! Nextiva is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We prohibit discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. Nextiva participates in the E-Verify Program where and as required by law. For additional information about E-Verify visit USCIS . #LI-MS1 #LI-Remote Founded in 2008, Nextiva has grown into a global leader trusted by over 100,000 businesses and 1M+ users worldwide. Headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona, and with teams across the globe, we're the future of customer experience and team collaboration through our AI-powered, conversation-centric platform. Want to see what life at Nextiva is all about? Connect with us on Instagram , Instagram MX , YouTube , LinkedIn , and the Nextiva Blog ."	"{llm}"
"Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Trust is foundational to everything we do. As Affirm scales globally, protecting our consumers, merchants, and platform from fraud —while maintaining a seamless, friendly experience—is critical to our mission. As a Senior Product Manager for Trust & Safety (Fraud) , you will play a key role in building and scaling systems, experiences, and policies that keep Affirm safe for consumers and merchants worldwide. As we expand in both geographical markets and product offerings, your direct role in enabling the scaling becomes especially critical. In this role, you will work closely with a broad set of cross-functional partners across Engineering, Fraud Analytics, Legal, Compliance, Operations, and your counterparts in other Product and International teams. Effective stakeholder management and the ability to navigate complex organizational dynamics are essential. You should be high-agency, comfortable with ambiguity, and confident engaging in technical and data-driven discussions. What you'll do Own Affirm's fraud product roadmap, orchestrating across customer-facing use cases, decision platforms, vendors, and ML models Build scalable fraud prevention infrastructure that supports Affirm’s growth across merchants, consumers, and international markets Drive product development by partnering closely with Engineering, Design, Analytics, Operations, and Customer Support teams Define and establish metrics that provide clear insight into the effectiveness of fraud prevention products, balancing loss prevention, customer experience, and business impact Use data, experimentation, and customer feedback to continuously iterate on risk controls, detection systems, and user-facing experiences Deliver industry-leading fraud prevention solutions by combining strong business judgment with thoughtful product strategy and principled tradeoff-making What we look for BA/BS in a technical, analytical, or quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience Minimum of either: 5+ years of Product Management experience, or 3+ years of Product Management experience plus 1+ year of experience as an engineer, data scientist, or in a technical risk role Experience owning and shipping complex software products end-to-end, including product vision, prioritization, design, and launch Prior experience in Trust & Safety, Fraud, Risk, Payments, Fintech, or another regulated, high-scale platform environment Strong ability to lead and influence cross-functional teams of engineers, designers, and operational partners toward shared outcomes Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate tradeoffs and decisions to senior stakeholders Proven judgment in evaluating product decisions where risk, compliance, user experience, and business goals intersect Comfort working with complex data, dashboards, and experimentation frameworks to drive insight and decision making High ownership mentality with a bias toward action in ambiguous, fast-moving environments Pay Grade - N Equity Grade - 8 Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills. Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include equity rewards, monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents.) USA base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT) per year: $190,000 - $240,000 USA base pay range (all other U.S. states) per year: $169,000 - $219,000 #LI-Remote Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities. We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process. [For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. By clicking ""Submit Application,"" you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein."	"{fintech}"
"We are looking for experienced Software and Site Reliability Engineers to help secure the foundation of MongoDB Atlas, our globally distributed, multi-cloud database platform running across AWS, GCP and Azure. This is a builder role, focusing on security tooling and observability, runtime detection, hardening policies, and infrastructure-as-code guardrails that protect our massive infrastructure. Some of the things we&#x27;re working on: - Building secure-by-default infrastructure leveraging Linux, eBPF and Kubernetes security mechanisms, and implementing runtime detection and monitoring. - Developing our in-house CSPM (Cloud Security Posture Management) and Vulnerability Management platforms. - Integrating security directly into our CI&#x2F;CD workflows and Terraform pipelines. We&#x27;re looking for engineers with a strong systems mindset who have some of: - 5+ years of experience in SWE, SRE, or similar roles with some relevant security experience. - Proficiency in one programming language: Golang, Rust, Python, C&#x2F;C++ etc. - Deep understanding of Linux internals, networking, and Kubernetes security. - Familiarity with one major cloud provider (AWS, GCP or Azure.) - A builder&#x27;s mentality: you think about failure modes, observability, and operability alongside security and correctness. Other SRE &#x2F; Infrastructure teams as are also hiring. Happy to help."	"{AWS,GCP,Azure,Linux,eBPF,Kubernetes,Terraform,golang,mongodb,python,rust}"
"Join a disciplined, senior team responsible for the platform behind Eequ, where engineers have real ownership and operate with high autonomy. We are the market-leading supplier to local authorities in the UK for council-funded activity programmes and we also serve thousands of independent providers. Our platform handles bookings, payments, and sensitive data at scale. We are profitable, bootstrapped, and growing. What you&#x27;ll do Build and operate the backend platform that powers a real marketplace handling bookings, payments, and reporting for thousands of families and providers. Design and ship features from API design through database models to deployment Make architectural decisions and communicate them clearly to the team Own our AWS infrastructure, CI&#x2F;CD pipelines, and keep production healthy with observability and alerting Lead incident response when things break, find root causes, and drive follow-ups Improve database performance, query patterns, and data pipeline as usage grows. Stack: Node.js, NestJS, TypeScript, MySQL with TypeORM, Redis, AWS (EC2, RDS, S3, CloudWatch), Terraform, Turborepo monorepo."	"{Node.js,NestJS,TypeScript,MySQL,TypeORM,Redis,EC2,RDS,S3,CloudWatch,Terraform,Turborepo,aws,node}"
"Role Overview The Senior Paid Media Strategist leads the strategy, execution, and performance of paid acquisition campaigns across multiple client brands, driving measurable growth in pipeline, revenue, and customer acquisition efficiency. This role requires deep expertise across major paid platforms and the ability to translate business objectives into high-performing, scalable campaign strategies. For highly qualified candidates this role has a clear path to Paid Media Director , with increasing ownership over team leadership, process development, and channel innovation. Key Responsibilities Paid Media Strategy & Execution Develop and execute paid media strategies aligned to client business goals and revenue targets Manage and optimize campaigns across Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn, and other key platforms Design full-funnel strategies across prospecting, retargeting, and conversion optimization Lead budget allocation decisions to maximize ROAS and CAC efficiency Campaign Optimization & Performance Analyze campaign performance and continuously optimize toward KPIs (CPL, CPA, ROAS, pipeline) Conduct structured testing across creatives, audiences, bidding strategies, and landing pages Identify scaling opportunities and proactively adjust strategies based on performance trends Creative & Funnel Strategy Partner with creative teams to develop high-performing ad concepts, messaging, and offers Collaborate on landing page strategy and CRO to improve conversion rates Ensure alignment between ad messaging, user intent, and post-click experience Analytics & Reporting Translate performance data into clear, actionable insights for clients and internal teams Build and maintain dashboards tied to business outcomes, not just platform metrics Connect paid media performance to CRM and pipeline metrics where possible Client & Project Leadership Lead client communication, strategy discussions, and performance reviews Maintain strong project management practices across multiple accounts (Asana, internal workflows) Set quality standards and ensure consistent execution across campaigns Qualifications Required 5+ years of experience in paid media strategy, ideally in an agency or multi-client environment Proven track record managing and scaling campaigns across B2B and B2C environments Experience working across SaaS, ecommerce, and/or multi-location service businesses Strong analytical mindset with ability to connect marketing performance to revenue outcomes Excellent communication skills with ability to present strategy and performance to clients Highly organized with strong attention to detail and low tolerance for poor execution Tools & Technology Experience with major paid platforms (Google Ads, Meta, LinkedIn), analytics tools (GA4, Looker Studio), and reporting platforms. Comfortable leveraging AI tools to improve efficiency in research, creative iteration, and optimization while maintaining high-quality strategic output. Project management through Asana. Application Requirements Applicants should submit: Examples of paid media work (campaign strategy, performance reports, or case studies in ENGLISH only) A short 1–2 minute recording explaining a campaign they scaled successfully, including what worked, what didn&rsquo;t, and what they would do differently You can submit those including your resume to epak@advntgy.com"	"{""Google Ads"",Meta,LinkedIn,GA4,""Looker Studio"",Asana}"
"Role summary We’re looking for a mid-level designer who blends motion graphics, video editing, and solid graphic design craft. You’ll create launch videos, micro-interactions for the website, ad cutdowns, social assets, and print-ready deliverables. This role is part-time (≈20 hrs/week), remote, and collaborates closely with Marketing, UX, and Web/Front-end to support A/B tests, design-system consistency, and brand growth. Key responsibilities Produce and edit short product walkthroughs, feature clips, and explainer videos (script → storyboard → edit → sound polish → export). Design web and social motion assets (hero loops, Lottie/Rive micro-interactions, component hover states) aligned to the design system. Prepare multi-variant creatives for A/B tests (length, opener frame, CTAs, static vs motion), and deliver cleanly labeled asset kits. Create design pieces and art finalization for digital: layouts, correct color spaces, bleeds/dielines, ink limits, preflight, retina exports, and usage-rights tracking. Optimize for performance and accessibility (file-size budgets, captions, safe areas, prefers-reduced-motion alternatives). Maintain organized libraries/templates; contribute motion guidelines to the design system. Partner with Web/Front-end on specs and handoff (Lottie JSON, SVG sprites, aspect ratios, compression). QA across breakpoints, densities, browsers, and platforms; document changes and versions. Light analytics collaboration: read basic experiment results to iterate (e.g., thumb-stop rate, click-through, scroll depth). Required experience 3–5 years in motion design + video editing + graphic design (agency or in-house). Portfolio that shows: product videos, UI/micro-interaction work, social/ad cutdowns, and web design / illustration projects. Hands-on art-finalization. Experience producing assets for websites and paid social; comfort resizing to multiple aspect ratios. Working with cross-functional teams (Marketing, UX, Dev). Fluent English is required. You’ll write specs in English, record video updates, discuss feedback on Slack/Jira/Notion, and join live reviews across time zones. Based in LATAM; able to collaborate within UTC-5 (±2 hours). Tools & stack Motion & editing: After Effects, Premiere Pro (or DaVinci Resolve), Media Encoder; expressions a plus. Animation delivery: Lottie/Bodymovin, Rive; SVG animation basics; ffmpeg/HandBrake/Shutter Encoder. Design: Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop; color management and export workflows. 3D (nice-to-have): Blender or Cinema 4D. Collab & handoff: Slack, Notion/Jira, Google Drive; basic HTML/CSS understanding for specs. Perf/QA utilities: SVGO, TinyPNG, GIF/WebM/MP4 export presets; subtitles/captions tools. Analytics awareness (nice-to-have): GA4, PostHog or similar to interpret basic test outcomes. Nice-to-haves Sound design/VO cleanup, thumbnail strategy, 3D product comps. Scripting (AE expressions/Exte`ndScript), Rive state machines, or simple GSAP familiarity. Experience in B2B SaaS or tech. Illustration skills. Logistics Part-time contractor (~20 hrs/week), remote in LATAM. Reliable workstation for motion work and stable internet. Availability for a weekly check-in and async updates."	"{""After Effects"",""Premiere Pro"",""DaVinci Resolve"",""Media Encoder"",Lottie,Bodymovin,Figma,Illustrator,Photoshop,Blender,""Cinema 4D"",Slack,Notion,Jira,""Google Drive"",SVGO,TinyPNG,ffmpeg,HandBrake,""Shutter Encoder"",GA4,PostHog,accessibility}"
"Are you a detail-oriented individual with a passion for research and a good understanding of national and local geography? This freelance opportunity allows you to work at your own pace and from the comfort of your own home. A Day in the Life of an Online Data Analyst: In this role, you will be working on a project aimed at enhancing the content and quality of digital maps that are used by millions of people worldwide Completing research and evaluation tasks in a web-based environment such as verifying and comparing data, and determining the relevance and accuracy of information. Join us today and be part of a dynamic and innovative team that is making a difference in the world! TELUS Digital AI Community Our global AI Community is a vibrant network of 1 million+ contributors from diverse backgrounds who help our customers collect, enhance, train, translate, and localize content to build better AI models. Become part of our growing community and make an impact supporting the machine learning models of some of the world&rsquo;s largest brands Qualification path No previous professional experience is required to apply to this role, however, working on this project will require you to pass the basic requirements and go through a standard assessment process. This is a part-time long-term project and your work will be subject to our standard quality assurance checks during the term of this agreement. Basic Requirements Full Professional Proficiency in Spanish language Being a resident in United States for the last 2 consecutive years and having familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in United States Ability to follow guidelines and conduct online research using search engines, online maps, and website information Flexibility to work across a diverse set of task types, including maps, news, audio tasks, and relevance Daily access to a broadband internet connection, computer, and relevant software Assessment In order to be hired into the program, you&rsquo;ll take an open book qualification exam that will determine your suitability for the position and complete ID verification. Our team will provide you with guidelines and learning materials before your qualification exam. You will be required to complete the exam in a specific timeframe but at your convenience. Equal Opportunity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for a contractual relationship without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. At TELUS Digital AI, we are proud to offer equal opportunities and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive community. All aspects of selection are based on applicants&rsquo; qualifications, merits, competence, and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity."	"{figma}"
"We’re building an AI chat platform where humans and AI interact in group chats, voice, and video. Small team, high ownership, ship fast. We talk to users and build things we actually use. We’re looking for a fullstack engineer to build product features end-to-end. What you’ll do: - Build and ship features across frontend and backend - Work on real-time chat, onboarding flows, and AI interactions - Own features from idea → production - Collaborate closely with design and iterate quickly Tech stack: React &#x2F; Next.js, Python, real-time systems Looking for: - Strong fullstack experience - Product mindset (you care about UX, not just code) - High agency - you move fast and take ownership Apply: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.shapes.inc"	"{React,Next.js,Python}"
"Edra is solving one of the hardest problems in enterprise AI: AI models are generic but company processes are specific. We build AI agents that learn how a company's operational processes actually run, and then run their operations. We're a Series A startup, backed by Sequoia and other leading VC firms, and we're growing our team in New York and London. We're a deeply technical team of engineers, AI researchers, and strategists with a high bar for talent and a shared belief that exceptional people are the foundation of everything great we'll build. We're looking for a Product Designer to shape the experiences our customers interact with every day. You'll work across the full design process–from early research and ideation through to polished, shipping designs–collaborating closely with engineering and other stakeholders. We don't have product managers, so you'll have real ownership over what gets built and why, not just how it looks. What You'll Do Own design for key product areas, taking ambiguous problems and turning them into clear, elegant solutions Conduct user research to understand needs, pain points, and how people actually use what we build Create wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity interfaces to explore and validate ideas Partner directly with engineers to bring your work to life–and iterate based on what you learn once it ships Contribute to our design system and establish patterns that scale across the product You Might be a Fit if… You have 5+ years of experience designing digital products, with a portfolio that demonstrates end-to-end product thinking (not just visual polish) You're proficient with modern design tools (Figma or equivalent) You're comfortable with ambiguity and energized by open-ended problems where the right solution isn't obvious yet You can advocate strongly for your ideas while remaining genuinely open to feedback and debate You're curious about how people use the things you build–not just whether the designs look right, but whether they actually work You have some familiarity with user research methods and front-end development constraints, even if those aren't your primary strengths Don’t meet all of the above traits? We’d still love to hear from you. We’re looking for exceptional people with unique skills and interests, and we know that great people have different backgrounds and skillsets."	"{Figma}"
"We&#x27;re hiring Typescript Engineers on all our core groups as we&#x27;re poised to double the size of our 90-person Engineering team this year. We&#x27;re Solace Health. In four years, we&#x27;ve provided free healthcare advocacy to over 225K patients on Medicare, and soon we&#x27;re opening access to everyone in the US. We exist to make sure nobody in the US has to navigate their healthcare journey alone. We hit Unicorn status after our February Series-C led by IVP, bringing us to $207M raised and a $1B valuation. Compensation and benefits are highly competitive and includes equity! Open Roles - Senior Full Stack Engineer ($150k-$200k) - Senior Backend Engineer ($150k-$200k) - Staff Software Engineer ($200k-$225k, Fullstack or Backend lean) - Technical Lead ($200k-$230k, player&#x2F;coach people managers) Tech Stack Typescript with ReactJS and NodeJS plus NestJS, PostgreSQL, GCP, SQL, TypeORM, and shadcn for our UI Library APPLY HERE https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.ashbyhq.com&#x2F;Solace?utm_source=x4QJmBQEg7 If you want to build fast with high autonomy and believe in strong typing as much as we do, we&#x27;d love to hear from you!"	"{Typescript,ReactJS,NodeJS,NestJS,PostgreSQL,GCP,TypeORM,shadcn,sql}"
"Job description Assistant Professor, Graphic Design The University of Akron Akron, OH 44325 The Mary Schiller Myers School of Art at The University of Akron (https://www.uakron.edu/art/) invites applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position for the BFA in Graphic Design program starting in August 2026. The University of Akron seeks scholars that will lead collaborations among faculty, students and community partners that address questions of well-being, public safety, and civic engagement. Required Qualifications: • MFA in Graphic Design or equivalent terminal degree • Minimum of 2–3 years of teaching experience • Demonstrated breadth of creative research or professional practice across all related graphic design areas as well as a defined expertise in one or more area such as typography, motion, interactive design, illustration, or other related field. • Ability to contribute complementary skills to the existing faculty • Multidisciplinary graphic designer with demonstrated strength in typography, ideation, and iterative design processes • Proficiency in industry-standard tools including Adobe Creative Suite and Figma • Ability to adapt to emerging technologies and integrate evolving tools and practices into teaching • Evidence of strong visual communication skills across print, digital, and/or interactive platforms Preferred Qualifications: • Coordination of undergraduate programs • Professional experience in graphic design or related fields • Experience developing undergraduate curriculum • Ability to manage budgets and supervise student workers • Willingness to support the Student Services printing lab operations • Experience with emerging and expanded design and media tools and software (beyond just InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator) such as Affinity, Sketch, Procreate, Blender, After Effects, Premier, Cavalry, TouchDesigner, 3D printers, laser cutters, vinyl cutters, among others. • Experience with motion design, video shooting/editing, interactive design, or spatial/experiential design practices • Demonstrated ability to connect professional practice to teaching and curriculum development • Teaching , Research and Service Expectations • Teach undergraduate graphic design courses across all levels of the curriculum • Participate in departmental service, committee work, and program support • Maintain a robust creative research or professional practice • Contribute to curriculum development and ongoing program assessment • Support student success through mentorship and engagement About the Myers School of Art The mission of the Myers School of Art is to prepare students to lead meaningful and healthy creative lives. As an integrated school of art and design focused on undergraduate education, Myers challenges students to communicate articulately, foster human connection, and contribute to positive social change through creative practice. The School emphasizes experiential learning, community engagement, and interdisciplinary collaboration. Students are supported in developing distinct creative voices while becoming active contributors to regional and global visual culture. About the BFA in Graphic Design Graphic Design is the largest program within the Myers School of Art and serves as a cornerstone of the School’s academic offerings. The program prepares students for careers in the expanding, multidisciplinary field of visual communication design. Application Instructions: Please include: • Curriculum Vitae • Cover Letter • Teaching Philosophy • Portfolio of Student Work • Statement of Creative Practice • Portfolio of Professional Work • List names and contact information for three professional references Application Deadline: April 29th. 2026 https://uakron.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/UACareers/details/Assistant-Professor--Graphic-Design_JR102736-1?q=JR102736 Compensation: The compensation for this position is commensurate with experience and qualifications. FLSA Status (exempt/nonexempt): United States of America (Exempt) Union Affiliation (if applicable): American Association of University Professors For assistance with your application or attachments, please contact the Human Resources representative listed: Iron Bones Email: ibones@uakron.edu ___________________________________________________________________________________________ Background Check Statement The University of Akron is committed to providing a safe environment for all students and employees. The University endeavors to protect the health, welfare and safety of all students, employees and visitors on our campus. As such, all offers of employment with The University of Akron are contingent upon verification of credentials, and satisfactory completion of a criminal background check. Some positions may require additional credit investigation and a pre-employment driving record search. Non-Discrimination Statement The University of Akron is an Equal Education and Employment Institution. View our Non-Discrimination Statement for more information. Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability/veterans. State of Residence Statement It is the expectation of the University of Akron that all work performed as an employee of the University will be performed in Ohio."	"{""Adobe Creative Suite"",Figma,Affinity,Sketch,Procreate,Blender,""After Effects"",Premier,Cavalry,TouchDesigner,""3D printers"",""Laser cutters"",""Vinyl cutters"",indesign,illustrator,photoshop}"
"Looking for a freelance opportunity where you can make an impact on technology from the comfort of your home? If you are dynamic, tech-savvy, and always online to learn more, this part-time flexible project is the perfect fit for you! A Day in the Life of a Content Reviewer - US : In this role, you&rsquo;ll be analyzing and providing feedback on texts, pages, images, and other types of information for top search engines, using an online tool Through reviewing and rating search results for relevance and quality, you&rsquo;ll be helping to improve the overall user experience for millions of search engine users, including yourself. Join our team today and start putting your skills to work for one of the world's leading search engines. The estimated hourly earnings for this role are 14 USD per hour. Please note only one member per household can work on this program. If at a later stage it is identified that more than one person in your household is working on the TELUS Digital Rating Program, it will result in removal from the program. TELUS Digital AI Community Our global AI Community is a vibrant network of 1 million+ contributors from diverse backgrounds who help our customers collect, enhance, train, translate, and localize content to build better AI models. Become part of our growing community and make an impact supporting the machine learning models of some of the world&rsquo;s largest brands. Qualification path No previous professional experience is required to apply to this role, however, working on this project will require you to pass the basic requirements and go through a standard assessment process. This is a part-time long-term project and your work will be subject to our standard quality assurance checks during the term of this agreement. Basic Requirements Working as a freelancer with excellent communication skills in English Being a resident in the United States for the last 3 consecutive years and having familiarity with current and historical business, media, sport, news, social media, and cultural affairs in the US. Active use of Gmail and other forms of social media and experience in the use of web browsers to navigate and interact with a variety of content Daily access to a broadband internet connection, a smartphone (Android 5.0, iOS 14 or higher), and a personal computer to work on. Assessment In order to be hired into the program, you&rsquo;ll take a language assessment and an open book qualification exam that will determine your suitability for the position and complete ID verification. Don&rsquo;t worry, our team will provide you with guidelines and learning materials before your exam. You will be required to complete the exam in a specific timeframe but at your convenience! Equal Opportunity All qualified applicants will receive consideration for a contractual relationship without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. At TELUS Digital AI, we are proud to offer equal opportunities and are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive community. All aspects of selection are based on applicants&rsquo; qualifications, merits, competence, and performance without regard to any characteristic related to diversity."	"{ios,android,figma}"
"About us At Encord, we're building the AI infrastructure of the future. The biggest challenge AI companies face today is not half as glamorous as the outside world may think: it's all about data quality. In fact, the success of any AI application today relies on the quality of a model's training data — and for 95% of teams, this essential step is both the most costly, and the most time-consuming, in getting their product to market. As ex-computer scientists, physicists, and quants, we felt first-hand how the lack of tools to prepare quality training data was impeding the progress of building AI. AI today is what the early days of computing or the internet were like, where the potential of the technology is clear, but the tools and processes surrounding it are still primitive, preventing the next generation of applications. This is why we started Encord. We are a talented and ambitious team of 90+, working at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, backed by top investors, including CRV and Y Combinator, leading industry executives like Luc Vincent, former VP of AI at Meta, and other top Bay Area leaders in AI. We are one the fastest growing companies in our space, and consistently rated as the best tool in the market by our customers. We have big plans ahead and are looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join us our ML team. The Role We are looking for an experienced Machine Learning Engineer to help us conduct research on the state of the art of computer vision and solve multifaceted algorithmic problems. You will: Experiment with and adapt latest ML technologies to fit into existing tech stack Solve idiosyncratic statistical, geometric, and engineering problems Work closely with a full stack tech team to assist implementation of research solutions into the product Contribute to hiring additional talent to our rapidly growing team The role will be exposed to a broad tech stack (e.g. ReactJS, Python, REST & GraphQL, OpenCV, PyTorch, GCP, AWS & CUDA, Kubernetes) and the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning. Qualifications The right candidate will have a proven track record of relevant publications and previous experience managing applied research teams. Requirements for the role include: Passion for solving ML problems Strong experience in Python and machine learning libraries such as OpenCV, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Fast.ai , and Keras Strong experience in mathematical programming, algorithmic problem solving, and applied machine learning What We Offer Competitive salary and equity in a hyper growth startup. Real opportunities to grow. We’re growing insanely fast and you’ll have all the opportunities for growth that you can handle. Strong in person culture. We're 3-5 days a week in our newly-launched loft office in North Beach. Flexible PTO to recharge. Annual learning and development budget. 18 paid vacation days + federal holidays. Lots of opportunities for travel (all around the US, to London & Europe). Bi-annual off-sites and monthly socials. Health, dental and vision insurance. Encord offers a unique opportunity to be part of a startup with a clear mission and vision. You will get to explore and build services enterprise AI use cases across many different industry verticals such as healthcare, surveillance, retail, agriculture, and many more. Our work is at the cutting edge of computer vision and deep learning, which also includes working on solving unsolved problems within those fields. We may use artificial intelligence (AI) tools to support parts of the hiring process, such as reviewing applications, analyzing resumes, or assessing responses. These tools assist our recruitment team but do not replace human judgment. Final hiring decisions are ultimately made by humans. If you would like more information about how your data is processed, please contact us."	"{ReactJS,Python,REST,GraphQL,OpenCV,PyTorch,TensorFlow,Fast.ai,Keras,GCP,AWS,CUDA,Kubernetes,hyper}"
"Company Description: Flowtelligence AI is the labor intelligence platform that turns operations into a measurable performance improvement loop for hospitality operators. We connect forecasting, scheduling, and actuals in real time helping property managers, finance directors, and portfolio VPs make better staffing decisions with precision, not guesswork. Role Needed: Flowtelligence AI is the operating system for labor intelligence in hospitality. Our users are property GMs, finance directors, and portfolio VPs managing 1 to 130 hotels. They need clarity without paralysis. Four numbers. One view. No spreadsheets. We have a Lovable app developed, that has gotten us to this phase. Now, we're looking for a designer who works at the intersection of brand identity and UI design to bring this to life. We're seeking someone who can build a visual system that makes our app feel like a financial terminal for hotel operators, not a scheduling app for consumers. Think precision instruments, not consumer software. What You'll Deliver Phase 1: Brand & UI Foundation Logo system (primary, secondary) Basic brand guidance (typography system, color palette) UI design foundations (buttons, type pairing, component library patterns) Data visualization styles (chart types, table treatments, variance indicators) Key UI mockups (dashboard views, core workflows to test the system. Just a mockup example is fine in this phase) Phase 2: Pitch Deck Redesign Once the brand system is established, you'll have the opportunity to redesign our investor pitch deck in Google Slides, Figma Slides or PowerPoint. This deck needs to visually demonstrate that Flowtelligence is the category leader in labor intelligence. All deliverables from Phase 1 will be handed off to a development agency building the application. Your work defines how Flowtelligence looks and feels in market. What We're Looking For Your work is at the intersection of brand and product design. You've built visual identities and designed the interfaces that live inside them. Your portfolio demonstrates: Brand identity development experience — you've built complete visual systems from strategy through execution, not just logo design Data-heavy UI experience — dashboards, analytics tools, B2B SaaS, or financial interfaces Design that prioritizes clarity and precision over decoration Expert-level proficiency in Figma and Adobe Creative Suite Presentation or sales deck work that demonstrates brand application (If youre not able to do Phase 2, we can pivot to another contract. There will be plenty of work!) You can articulate design decisions in terms of user goals and technical constraints. You understand the difference between designing for operators (speed, density, clarity) versus consumers (delight, simplicity, aesthetics)."	"{Figma,""Adobe Creative Suite""}"
"Veridise is seeking a Content and Socials Manager to own the full content lifecycle across two brands: Veridise (blockchain security firm, 150+ audits, clients include RISC Zero, Succinct, Linea) and AuditHub (blockchain security platform with four proprietary verification tools). This is not a traditional content role. Our marketing team runs an AI powered Content Engine built on Claude and Claude Code. Strategic briefs go in, per channel content comes out. Your job is to operate this system, improve it, and make sure everything published is sharp and on brand. Our internal principle: “Turn any process into AI execution.” We are looking for someone who thinks about AI the same way: not as a writing assistant, but as infrastructure for an entire content operation. You will also coordinate content across four executive voices (CEO, CSO, CTO, CRO) under two distinct brand identities. Editorial instinct, brand discipline, and deep comfort with AI production tools are essential. Reports to: Head of Marketing Location: Remote (UTC+0 to UTC+3) Commitment: Full time Contract: Independent contractor, employee contract option after 3 months Evolution path: Senior Content and Socials Manager Responsibilities Own the full content lifecycle for both brands: editorial planning, production via the Content Engine, publication, and performance analysis across X/Twitter, LinkedIn, blog, newsletter, Telegram, and YouTube. Operate and improve the Content Engine. Validate outputs, iterate on prompts and modules, build new capabilities. Within 6 months, build partner content portals for external collaborators. Coordinate four executive voices into one coherent narrative across two brands. Manage editorial flow so every piece reinforces the same strategic direction. Drive distribution over production. Own amplification: cross posting, community engagement, newsletter growth, repurposing, channel optimization. Contribute to content strategy. Work with the Head of Marketing on editorial direction, campaign concepts, and content pillars. Bring ideas grounded in audience insight. Build community content relationships with ecosystem partners, clients, and technical communities. Required Qualifications 5 to 8 years of proven content and social media management experience at a tech or deep tech company, or agency serving tech clients. This is a senior role. Candidates without a demonstrated marketing track record will not be considered. End to end content operations experience: strategy, calendar, production, publication, analytics. AI native working style. You build with Claude and Claude Code , not just chat with AI. You have redesigned workflows using AI as infrastructure. Solid marketing fundamentals: positioning, audience segmentation, editorial strategy. Excellent written English. Ability to adapt tone across formats: technical blog, social, newsletter, executive ghostwriting. Experience managing content for multiple brands simultaneously. Preferred Qualifications (Nice to Have) Blockchain or Web3 industry experience. Experience coordinating executive thought leadership programs. Community building or developer relations experience. Growth Opportunity Build with AI, not just about it. Our content production runs on systems most marketing teams will not build for years. You will operate and shape them daily. Learn while you lead. Work directly with an experienced Marketing Lead who has built brands across industries and continents. Strategic collaboration, mentorship, and a clear path to Senior from day one. Join a team with real credibility. 35+ professionals, half building proprietary tools, half running audits. Research roots at UT Austin. Clients trust Veridise with billions in value locked. Put your fingerprint on everything. You are joining at the stage where the systems, the brand presence, and the audience are all being built. This is an adventure, not just a job. Work from anywhere within UTC+0 to UTC+3. Why Join Veridise? Work on cutting-edge security research in one of the most exciting areas of cryptography and blockchain technology. Join a team of experts in formal verification, security, and blockchain auditing . Flexible work environment with opportunities to publish and contribute to both academic and industry communities. Competitive salary and benefits. If you’re passionate about formal verification and security, and want to work on groundbreaking research in ZK technologies , we’d love to hear from you!"	"{""Claude Code"",blockchain,principle,claude,web3}"
"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role As the Head of Platform Engineering, you’ll spearhead the evolution of our scalable, secure, and high-performing platform, driving the infrastructure that fuels our fast-paced startup. Reporting directly to the CTO, you’ll lead a lean team of 1-2 Senior/Intermediate DevOps Engineers and take full ownership of our platform strategy, ensuring it aligns with business objectives and empowers engineering teams. You’ll remain hands-on, contributing as a staff/principal-level engineer to write code, design architecture, and solve complex technical challenges. You’ll collaborate closely with engineering leads and senior peers across the company to advance strategic priorities, enable business growth, and deliver measurable value. Your mission is to advance our infrastructure, proactively eliminate bottlenecks, and cultivate a world-class DevOps culture What You’ll Do Conduct gap analyses to strengthen infrastructure, maintain exceptional uptime for critical systems (e.g., APIs, databases), and enhance monitoring systems (e.g., Prometheus, Datadog) to ensure rapid incident detection and resolution. Own high-priority infrastructure projects, defining clear roadmaps and fostering accountability to deliver outcomes that drive business success and enable company growth. Actively contribute as a staff/principal-level engineer, writing high-quality code, designing robust architectures, and solving complex technical problems to set a high standard for the team. Mentor and develop your team, recruit top talent, and foster a culture of collaboration, technical excellence, and continuous improvement, guided by meaningful performance metrics. Implement robust security practices (e.g., zero-trust models, DevSecOps) and ensure compliance with standards like SOC 2 and GDPR, maintaining a secure and compliant platform that supports business trust and growth. Optimise deployment pipelines to support frequent, reliable production releases and empower developers with self-service tools and standardized environments to maximize productivity and accelerate feature delivery. Partner with engineering leads and senior peers to align platform initiatives with company priorities, driving innovation, enabling new business opportunities, and adding measurable value to fuel growth. What We’re Looking For Extensive experience in platform engineering, with hands-on expertise in cloud infrastructure (AWS, GCP), Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform), container orchestration (Kubernetes), and monitoring systems (Prometheus, Datadog). You’re comfortable contributing technically while leading the team. A proven ability to identify and resolve infrastructure gaps independently, anticipate challenges, and drive impactful improvements with ownership and urgency. The ability to craft and execute long-term platform strategies that align with business goals, enabling scalable growth, reducing technical debt, and adding value to the organization. Experience mentoring and scaling high-performing DevOps teams, fostering a culture of collaboration, technical growth, and continuous improvement. Experience in the cryptocurrency and centralized exchange (CEX) trading space, with a proven track record of building highly available, resilient services and architectures using tools like Kubernetes to support low-latency, high-throughput systems. Experience with trading systems is a bonus. Thrives in a fast-paced, resource-constrained environment, with a bias for action, adaptability, and a relentless focus on delivering measurable outcomes. This is a high-impact role for a leader ready to take full ownership of our platform, shape its future, and build a legacy of engineering excellence. If you’re excited to lead transformative initiatives, empower teams, and drive innovation in a crypto-focused startup while collaborating to advance company-wide goals, we want to hear from you. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"{AWS,GCP,Terraform,Kubernetes,Prometheus,Datadog,cryptocurrency}"
"Who We Are and What We are Doing: Ethena Labs is actively building and deploying a suite of groundbreaking digital dollar products aiming to upgrade money into the internet era. Our flagship product, USDe, is a synthetic dollar backed by digital assets, and takes the novel approach of using a delta-neutral hedged basis strategy to maintain its peg. This product scaled from zero to $15b in 18 months. Expanding on this, iUSDe is designed specifically for traditional financial institutions, incorporating necessary compliance features to enable them to access the crypto-native rewards our protocol generates, in an institutional-friendly manner. Ethena has also developed USDtb: a fiat backed GENIUS compliant stablecoin in partnership with BlackRock which has scaled to ~$2b. These products are also offered in a whitelabel stablecoin offering where any application, chain, wallet or exchange can launch their own stablecoin on Ethena’s back-end infrastructure. Through these offerings, Ethena Labs is not just creating new financial products; we are building the foundational infrastructure for a more open, efficient, and interconnected global financial system. Open job offerings will be focused on two new major product lines coming to market in the next few months. Join us! The Role The Senior Loan Originator will sit within the team that manages the backing assets of USDe. This role blends traditional financial market expertise with deep proficiency in secured lending digital asset markets. The successful candidate will focus on originating overcollateralised stablecoin loans backed exclusively by tier one digital assets & RWAs. Reporting to the Head of Trading, you will drive outperformance by originating new & incremental business by building new relationships and expanding existing relationships. What You’ll Do Lead the effort to originate loans with new counterparties, meeting strategic goals to scale the total loan book that positively impacts and complements the needs of the Ethena protocol. Serve as the primary owner for Ethena’s secured lending relationships, acting as a trusted advisor to capital allocators and institutional counterparties. Champion within the trading team the potential to grow the secured lending allocation of the backing assets of USDe. Create new & exciting secured loan structures with Ethena’s many partners, from exchanges, to custodians, to brokerages, to trading firms, that fit the risk profile of the protocol to create unique product outcomes. What We’re Looking For Seasoned experience in credit risk, counterparty risk, or financial markets risk analysis. Secured lending background, most recently in digital assets issuing/originating loans with market makers/crypto-native trading firms, prime brokerage, securities financing, or leveraged institutional clients. A strong understanding of the secured lending market in the digital asset space at the institutional, CeFi, and DeFi levels. Proven ability to negotiate lending agreement terms and close complex deals in rapid succession with diverse counterparties. Strong financial and quantitative analytical skills to evaluate collateral frameworks and portfolio exposures to communicate credit views, and progress updates clearly to risk teams, investment teams, and high-net-worth stakeholders.* Comfort working in a high-trust, flat hierarchy that values asynchronous communication and independent creativity. Why Ethena Labs? You’d be joining a group that has well established itself as one of the most successful crypto-native company’s of all time, a group with a mission to revolutionise decentralised finance and it’s position in global finance. Work alongside a passionate and innovative team that values collaboration and creativity. Enjoy a flexible, remote-friendly work environment with established opportunities for personal growth and learning. If you subscribe to the mission of separating the dollar from the state, then we want to hear from you! We look forward to receiving your application and will be in touch after having a chance to review. In the meantime, here are some links to more information about Ethena Labs to help you check us out: Website Twitter/X LinkedIn"	"{net}"
"Located in the vibrant heart of Berlin, Pandata provides advanced data solutions to empower companies with data and technological innovation. Our corporate clients trust us with strategy, solution design and implementation. We follow a holistic approach, covering the entire data stream from sourcing to processing and insight generation, using cutting-edge tools as well as custom solutions. We are a fast growing high performance business, built on a solid and stable foundation. We are ahead of the curve in a rapidly expanding market, which makes this an exciting time to join us. We are looking for people who want to tackle new challenges, take ownership of their work and seize this opportunity to make a personal impact. As a highly purpose-driven organization, we exempt 10% of our week from work and dedicate it to personal, non-work-related activities, aiming to fulfill our promise of personal development beyond the traditional scope of the classical business objective. As a Full Stack Developer at Pandata, you will build and maintain software products that power both our internal operations and our clients' businesses. You will collaborate closely with consultants to turn complex business needs into stable, production-ready products — from internal tooling to full client-facing applications. Tasks Design, develop and maintain full stack web and desktop applications for internal use and for clients Work closely with consultants to understand business requirements and translate them into clean, maintainable software Build production-ready products from rapid prototypes to long-running platforms Integrate AI capabilities and agent workflows into products where they create real value Own the full development lifecycle: architecture, implementation, deployment and iteration Contribute to internal tooling that improves how the whole team operates Stack Languages & Frameworks: TypeScript, Next.js, Node.js Desktop: Electron AI / Agents: AI Agent Engineering patterns, LLM integrations Database: PostgreSQL, Supabase Deployment: GCP Cloud Run, Vercel Your Profile Solid experience with TypeScript and modern full stack development (Next.js, Node.js) Experience with or strong interest in desktop app development (Electron) and AI agent engineering Strong sense of ownership — you take a feature from idea to production and care about the outcome Ability to collaborate with non-technical stakeholders and translate business needs into working software Comfortable working in a fast-paced, non-hierarchical environment where requirements evolve Independent working mentality, proactive attitude and an entrepreneurial mindset Solid communication skills in English Why Pandata? Build a great company and grow with us Take responsibility and have an impact from day one Develop yourself personally and professionally in a highly purpose-driven work environment Acquire a highly demanded skill-set and technical prowess by working on projects with various different data set-ups and tech stacks Work with a highly motivated and smart team, in a professional but human-centered environment Boost your learning curve through intense mentorship and feedback cycles in your first months Enjoy our superb office first culture and profit from daily breakfast, lunch, snacks, hot and cold drinks, Friday beers and a lot more (visit our office chef Josh on instagram) Join our frequent team events and weekly get-togethers Sign up for our strong company benefit program (Public transport or bike subscription, JobRad leasing, language classes, Urban Sports Club subsidization, purpose time) At Pandata we value smartness and motivation over job posting requirements. All applicants will be considered for all open roles."	"{TypeScript,Next.js,Node.js,Electron,PostgreSQL,Supabase,""GCP Cloud Run"",Vercel,chef,gcp,node,llm}"
"Craftly is an innovative e-commerce company in the DIY spirits and gifting space. We combine creativity with technology, always striving to stay one step ahead. Join our dedicated and friendly team in Berlin, Kreuzberg, and help us grow smartly and sustainably, creating memorable DIY experiences for our customers worldwide. Please note that we are only considering candidates who are available to start between June 15 and July 15. Tasks Support the B2B sales team with customer communication, quotes, and order processing. Coordinate logistics to ensure smooth shipping for wholesale customers. Plan and track deliveries, manage schedules, and liaise with external logistics partners. Analyze orders, assist with forecasting, and monitor inventory levels. Bring your own ideas to develop and implement new product concepts and improvements. Bring your ideas to optimize workflows and improve efficiency. Requirements You are a student (m/f/d) in a relevant field (e.g., Business Administration, Logistics, Supply Chain, Sales). The internship must be a mandatory part of your Bachelor’s or Master’s program. You have an interest in sales, logistics, production, and CRM. You are proactive, team-oriented, and a strong communicator. You have excellent German and English skills. You are comfortable with common office tools (Word, Excel, etc.) and ideally familiar with Google Workspace. Previous experience in sales is a plus. You are motivated, self-driven, and able to organize your tasks independently while taking responsibility for your results. Benefits Insight into a dynamic, international e-commerce company and its fast-paced operations. Real responsibility from day one – your work truly matters. A small, dedicated team with short decision-making paths and plenty of collaboration. Flexible working hours and the option to work from home. A modern, supportive company culture – we value working smart over working hard, foster collaboration instead of competition, and base everything on openness and respect. Opportunity for a permanent position or extended student/trainee role after your initial engagement. If you’re eager to learn, take ownership, and grow with a creative and forward-thinking team, we’d love to hear from you!"	"{""Microsoft Word"",""Microsoft Excel"",""Google Workspace""}"
"StackAdapt is the leading technology company that empowers marketers to reach, engage, and convert audiences with precision. With 465 billion automated optimizations per second, the AI-powered StackAdapt Marketing Platform seamlessly connects brand and performance marketing to drive measurable results across the entire customer journey. The most forward-thinking marketers choose StackAdapt to orchestrate high-impact campaigns across programmatic advertising and marketing channels. About the Team: We’re hiring an Engineering Manager to lead our Infrastructure / DevOps team, responsible for the delivery, operational health, and execution of infrastructure work that supports critical production systems across the organization. This role requires a strong technical foundation to guide decisions and support the team, but success is driven by effective prioritization, clear direction, and people leadership—rather than individual contribution. What You'll Be Doing: Lead, coach, and support a team of Infrastructure / DevOps engineers, fostering growth, sustainable workloads, and long-term engagement Own planning and delivery for the team, ensuring priorities are clear, commitments are met, and ownership is well-defined Be accountable for system reliability, incident response practices, and post-incident follow-ups that drive measurable improvements over time Provide technical oversight by reviewing designs, guiding architectural decisions, and helping the team navigate trade-offs Ensure documentation, runbooks, and operational standards are consistently maintained and evolved Act as the primary point of accountability when partnering with cross-functional teams, enabling infrastructure work that supports the broader organization What You'll Bring to the Table: Experience managing engineers in a people leadership role A background in Infrastructure, DevOps, or Site Reliability Engineering Hands-on experience operating production systems in AWS Strong working knowledge of Linux, Kubernetes, and containerized systems Experience with infrastructure as code, with Terraform required Comfort leading teams through incidents and operational challenges with a focus on learning and improvement StackAdapter's Enjoy: Highly competitive salary Retirement/ 401K/ Pension Savings globally Competitive Paid time off packages including birthday's off! Access to a comprehensive mental health care program Health benefits from day one of employment Work from home reimbursements Optional global WeWork membership for those who want a change from their home office and hubs in London and Toronto Robust training and onboarding program Coverage and support of personal development initiatives (conferences, courses, books etc) Access to StackAdapt programmatic courses and certifications to support continuous learning An awesome parental leave program A friendly, welcoming, and supportive culture Our social and team events! StackAdapt is a diverse and inclusive team of collaborative, hardworking individuals trying to make a dent in the universe. No matter who you are, where you are from, who you love, follow in faith, disability (or superpower) status, ethnicity, or the gender you identify with (if you’re comfortable, let us know your pronouns), you are welcome at StackAdapt. If you have any requests or requirements to support you throughout any part of the interview process, please let our Talent team know. We use artificial intelligence (AI) to streamline the resume reviews of candidates and assess their fit based on the criteria outlined in the job posting. We do not use AI to make any final hiring or interview decisions. About StackAdapt We've been recognized for our diverse and supportive workplace, high performing campaigns, award-winning customer service, and innovation. We've been awarded: Ad Age Best Places to Work 2024 G2 Top Software and Top Marketing and Advertising Product for 2024 Campaign’s Best Places to Work 2023 for the UK 2024 Best Workplaces for Women and in Canada by Great Place to Work® #1 DSP on G2 and leader in a number of categories including Cross-Channel Advertising To learn more about our privacy practices, please see our . #LI-REMOTE"	"{AWS,Linux,Kubernetes,Terraform,node}"
"Role Description We’re looking for a Video Content Design Intern to support the creation and maintenance of customer-facing educational videos. In this role, you’ll work closely with content designers, multimedia partners, and cross-functional stakeholders to help update, organize, and publish video tutorials and learning content across Dropbox’s education platforms. You’ll contribute to projects that keep our video library accurate, easy to navigate, and helpful at scale. This is a hands-on opportunity to learn how educational content is planned, produced, reviewed, and maintained for a global audience. You’ll gain experience working within established production workflows while developing your video editing, visual storytelling, and project coordination skills. In our Virtual First work culture, you’ll connect with with Dropboxers virtually and in - person to build the foundation of a strong professional network. As a Summer intern, you will also have the opportunity to attend our Emerging Talent Summit, w here participants from our intern and early-career programs come together in person to build lasting relationships, explore learning and development opportunities, and prepare for their career journey ahead. For Summer 202 6 , we offer two start dates culminating in a 12-week internship: May 26 - August 14, 2026 June 30 - Sep 18, 2026 Responsibilities Support the creation, updating, and publishing of educational video and multimedia content Assist with scripting, editing, organizing, and preparing learning assets for multiple platforms and distribution surfaces Learn and follow established production workflows, templates, and best practices Help maintain and organize a centralized library of customer education content, including updates and review cycles Participate in content reviews and incorporate feedback from cross-functional stakeholders Support content quality, consistency, and scalability initiatives, including basic audits to identify outdated or duplicate assets Assist with tracking content performance and engagement, contributing to insights that inform future improvements Requirements Currently pursuing a degree or a recent graduate in Multimedia, Communications, Film, Design, Marketing, Education, or a related field completed by Spring 2028 Interest in content creation, visual storytelling, and digital media Basic experience creating video or digital content through coursework, personal projects, or internships Familiarity with video or social platforms such as YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, or similar Understanding of how titles, thumbnails, and descriptions influence video engagement Curiosity about how AI tools or automation can support content creation workflows Strong attention to detail, clear communication skills, and ability to learn and follow established guidelines Preferred Qualifications Experience editing video using tools such as Adobe Premiere Pro, including basic cuts, audio cleanup, and exporting Experience creating screen recordings or instructional videos using tools like Loom or similar Familiarity with preparing content for review and publication Comfort using collaboration and project management tools Interest in contributing ideas to improve video clarity, engagement, or organization Compensation Compensation Canada Pay Range $1 — $1 CAD"	"{YouTube,Instagram,TikTok,""Adobe Premiere Pro"",Loom,spring}"
"At Yugabyte , we are on a mission to become the default transactional database for enterprises building cloud-native applications. YugabyteDB is our PostgreSQL-compatible distributed database for cloud-native apps. Resilient, scalable, and flexible, it runs on any cloud and enables developers to become instantly productive using well-known APIs.We are looking for talented and driven people to join us on our ambitious mission and help us build a lasting and impactful company.The transactional database market is estimated to grow to $64B by 2025. YugabyteDB is cloud-native by design, has on-demand horizontal scalability, and supports geographical distribution of data using built-in replication. This means that we are well-positioned to meet market demand for geo-distributed, high-scale, high-performance workloads. Join the Database Revolution at Yugabyte. Modern applications need a cloud-native database that eliminates tradeoffs and silos. YugabyteDB retains the power and familiarity of PostgreSQL by pairing its trusted API with a precision-engineered, distributed, cloud-native architecture. Even better, it’s 100% open source. Many of the world's leading enterprises are migrating from legacy RDBMSs (like Oracle, SQL Server, and DB2) to YugabyteDB, to meet their mission-critical app demands. Senior Director of Product Management As a Senior Director of Product Management, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping the future of YugabyteDB’s Cloud offerings - Yugabyte Aeon. You'll lead the roadmap, development, and enhancement of Aeon’s features, ensuring they meet the evolving needs of our customers and the broader market. Your work will directly impact the user experience, distribution, partnerships, and growth of YugabyteDB Aeon, reinforcing YugabyteDB leadership in the distributed database space. What You'll Do Lead Cloud Product Development: Drive Cloud features, our commercial portfolio (pricing, plans, BYOC offering), deepening our Cloud ecosystem integration, expanding our distribution through CSP marketplaces Customer-Centric Innovation: Engage with customers to gather feedback, understand pain points, and identify opportunities for product improvement. Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with engineering, marketing, sales, and support teams to align product strategies and ensure successful feature rollouts. Market Analysis: Stay abreast of industry trends, competitor offerings, and emerging technologies to inform product decisions. Data-Driven Decision Making: Utilize analytics and user feedback to prioritize features and enhancements that deliver maximum value. What Will You Need to Have Data systems SaaS Experience: You’ve taken database, or similar infrastructure data systems, to market as a SaaS platform; have a deep understanding of the ins and outs of working with CSPs technical and commercial ecosystem Technical Expertise: Strong background in computer science or a related field, with a deep understanding of databases, storage systems, and distributed architectures. Product Management Experience: Proven track record in product management, with experience in both inbound (product development) and outbound (go-to-market) activities. Exceptional Communication Skills: Ability to articulate complex technical concepts to diverse audiences, including customers, engineers, and executives. Impactful Leadership: Demonstrated success in leading the development of substantial features or products that have significantly impacted customers and/or business outcomes. Customer Focus: A strong commitment to understanding and addressing customer needs, ensuring that product decisions are aligned with user requirements. Extra Great If You Have Experience with PostgreSQL/SQL databases Previous experience working on products for developers and operators alike We feel strongly about equal pay for equal work, and transparency in compensation is one way to help achieve that. The cash compensation for this role is market competitive, with a range of $255,000–$300,000 USD OTE . As well as equity (when applicable), and benefits including health plans, retirement plans, and unlimited paid time off (PTO). The pay range for this position is a general guideline only and not a guarantee of compensation or salary. The actual pay will vary based on factors including experience, qualifications, and skill level. Due to the Proclamation, “Restriction on Entry of Certain Nonimmigrant Workers”, which went into effect on September 21, 2025, at this time we are no longer able to sponsor new H-1B visa petitions filed after September 21, 2025 for new hires. We are still able to consider candidates who require H-1B extensions, changes of employer, or other types of work authorization. #LI-Remote Equal Employment Opportunity Statement : As an equal opportunity employer, Yugabyte is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. To review Yugabyte's Privacy Policy please visit Yugabyte Privacy Notice ."	"{PostgreSQL,oracle,sql}"
"4 yrs production GenAI: AWS Bedrock RAG (92% recall, HIPAA), LangGraph multi-agent copilots shipped to prod, QLoRA&#x2F;LLaMA 2 fine-tuning, LangChain&#x2F;LlamaIndex, Python, Docker&#x2F;K8s. Co-author ACL 2024 (healthcare AI). MS Data Science UNT 2024. Currently ML Research Scientist @ Auburn (multi-agent VLMs). Open to: Applied Scientist &#x2F; ML Eng &#x2F; GenAI Eng &#x2F; AI Eng"	"{""AWS Bedrock"",LangGraph,QLoRA,""LLaMA 2"",LangChain,LlamaIndex,Python,Docker,K8s,genai,aws,rag}"
"Job Requirements: - 5+ years of professional experience as a software engineer - Experience in fintech is an optional but major plus - Familiarity with our tech stack (Golang, React through a Next.js app, GraphQL, PostgreSQL) is beneficial but not required Why You’d Enjoy Working with Us: - You&#x27;re joining a small fast paced team: 12 engineers, 40 people total - Direct impact on solving real-world problems for small businesses - Hybrid work model with 2 days on-site in SF - Competitive salary and benefits You can also visit our site to learn more: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.userainbow.com&#x2F;about"	"{Golang,React,Next.js,GraphQL,PostgreSQL,fintech}"
"About Klarity Klarity (YC S18) is the Enterprise Instinct platform. TL;DR: Series B, $91M raised, 7x growth last year. Enterprises still rely on consultants to figure out how they operate – months of work, millions spent, and outdated before the ink dries. We built a better way. Our AI discovers how work actually happens across every team and application, Structures it into a living Context Graph, and Improves it continuously. ServiceNow mapped 900+ processes in 9 days. DoorDash captured 3,800+ finance operations in 14 weeks, replacing a 2-year engagement. That's not a project. That's compounding intelligence. OpenAI, Google, DoorDash, and Stripe use Klarity to transform how they transform. We shipped GPT-4 document chat within 12 hours of OpenAI's API launch. Speed and quality aren't a tradeoff here – they're the standard. The Role We’re hiring a Senior DevSecOps Engineer to own and evolve Klarity’s cloud infrastructure, security posture, and deployment operations. This is a foundational, hands-on role: you’ll architect multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models, harden our security and compliance surface, automate everything that can be automated using state-of-the-art AI, and ensure our platform can scale reliably as we cater to hundreds of enterprise customers. You’ll work at the intersection of infrastructure engineering, application security, and platform reliability—partnering closely with backend engineers, product, and leadership to make sure that every line of code we ship lands on infrastructure that is secure, observable, and ready for the most demanding customers in the world. Note: We do not require a CS or Engineering degree. We care about your ability to ship, your systems thinking, and evidence of strong execution—whether through production work, open-source contributions, certifications, or battle-tested operational experience. Who You Are Infrastructure engineer with a security-first mindset – You design, build, and operate cloud infrastructure that is secure by default, not secured as an afterthought. You think in terms of blast radius, least privilege, and defense in depth. You’ve built and maintained production infrastructure on AWS (and ideally GCP or Azure) serving enterprise-grade workloads. You know how to make infrastructure reproducible, auditable, and self-healing. You’ve built CI/CD pipelines that teams actually trust, written infrastructure as code that other engineers can read and extend, and designed deployment workflows that make shipping safe and fast. You’ve worked across tenancy patterns – You’ve designed or operated platforms that serve multiple tenants with strong data isolation and can articulate the tradeoffs between shared infrastructure, siloed namespaces, and fully dedicated environments. You understand tenant isolation at every layer: network, compute, storage, and application. You’ve navigated the complexity of deploying the same application across multi-tenant SaaS, single-tenant dedicated, and hybrid (split control-plane / data-plane) topologies. Security engineer who thinks like an attacker – You proactively identify and close security gaps before they become incidents. You’ve implemented secrets management, vulnerability scanning, SAST/DAST pipelines, runtime threat detection, and incident response playbooks. You understand supply chain security, container hardening, and network segmentation at a deep level. You’ve been the person the team turns to when a security incident needs triaging at 2 AM. Well versed with compliance and governance – You’ve worked in environments that require SOC 2, ISO 27001, HIPAA, FedRAMP, or similar frameworks and you understand how to translate compliance requirements into engineering controls. You can build audit trails, access logs, and policy-as-code systems that satisfy auditors without slowing down developers. You’ve helped a company achieve or maintain at least one major compliance certification. Ship with velocity and craft – You wield tools like Claude Code, Cursor, and Copilot as extensions of your craft. You use AI to generate Terraform modules, scaffold pipeline configurations, draft runbooks, and automate toil. You’ve built custom workflows around AI-assisted infrastructure development that others on your team have adopted. You believe speed and quality aren’t opposites—they happen together when you’re thoughtful about how you build. Bring energy that elevates the entire team – You see gnarly infrastructure and security challenges as puzzles waiting to be solved. Your optimism, intensity, and passion for craft are contagious. You make everyone around you faster and more ambitious. You create leverage by unblocking developers—through clear documentation, self-service tooling, and proactive communication that turns infrastructure from a bottleneck into an accelerant. Experience: 5+ years in infrastructure, DevOps, or platform engineering with strong security focus What You'll Do Own and evolve Klarity’s cloud infrastructure – Design, build, and operate Klarity’s cloud infrastructure that powers everything our customers use. You’ll own the full stack: networking, compute, storage, container orchestration, databases, message queues, and deployment architecture. You’ll make foundational decisions on service boundaries, resource topology, and cost optimization that shape the platform’s trajectory. Architect multi-tenant and single-tenant deployment models – Design and implement the infrastructure patterns that let Klarity serve customers across multiple deployment topologies: shared multi-tenant SaaS, fully isolated single-tenant environments on Klarity’s cloud, hybrid architectures with separated control and data planes, and single-tenant deployments on a customer’s own cloud provider. You’ll build the automation and tooling that makes spinning up a new tenant environment fast, repeatable, and secure. Harden security and build compliance infrastructure – Implement defense-in-depth security across the entire platform: secrets management, IAM policies, network segmentation, container hardening, vulnerability scanning, SAST/DAST in CI/CD, runtime threat detection, and comprehensive audit logging. Build the controls and evidence collection systems that let Klarity achieve and maintain SOC 2 and other industry-specific compliance certifications required by regulated customers. Build bulletproof CI/CD and deployment automation – Design and maintain CI/CD pipelines that make shipping safe, fast, and auditable. Implement progressive deployment strategies (blue-green, canary, feature flags), automated rollback, environment promotion workflows, and infrastructure-as-code practices that the entire engineering team can confidently use. Ensure that every deployment is traceable, reversible, and compliant. Build observability and incident response capabilities – Implement comprehensive monitoring, alerting, and observability across infrastructure and application layers. Build dashboards that give the team real-time visibility into system health, performance, and security posture. Design and document incident response playbooks, runbooks, and post-mortem processes. Establish SLOs and error budgets that align with enterprise customer expectations. Multiply your impact across the engineering team – You’ll be among the foundational infrastructure hires on the team. Build self-service tooling, clear documentation, and developer-friendly workflows that let every engineer ship with confidence. Partner with backend engineers to ensure application architecture aligns with infrastructure capabilities. Benefits: Equity in addition to competitive cash compensation 100% Employer-Paid Medical, Dental & Vision options! Paid Parental Leave $500 Annual Learning Fund $100 Monthly Wellness Fund 401k via Betterment Relocation support to San Francisco Bay Area (where applicable) Office-related Perks: Klarity is an equal opportunity employer. Klarity provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, marital status or veteran status."	"{AWS,GCP,Azure,Terraform,""Claude Code"",Cursor,Copilot,claude,openai,gpt}"
"Greenhouse is the company dedicated to making hiring work for everyone. We help over 7,000 companies meet their hiring goals, and over a million job seekers find their next job with our MyGreenhouse product. The Role: We&#x27;re looking for a hands-on Engineering Manager to lead our Data Experience team of 7. This team owns our full user-facing reporting and analytics product. It&#x27;s a high-impact role where you&#x27;ll lead the strategy for how our customers visualize and interact with their hiring data at scale. Our Tech Stack: Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, TypeScript, React. Requirements: - 5+ years of experience as a product-focused full-stack software engineer; 1+ year of people management experience. - Deep understanding of RESTful API design principles and distributed system architecture - Demonstrated proficiency in modern programming languages&#x2F;frameworks (preferably Ruby&#x2F;Rails, JS, TS, React) - Demonstrated ability to manage cross functional collaboration with Product and Design - Demonstrated knowledge of SDLC fundamentals Compensation: National pay range: $142,700 - $214,100 CAD If you&#x27;re interested, please apply directly through the job posting: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;grnh.se&#x2F;jmara1dr1us"	"{""Ruby on Rails"",JavaScript,TypeScript,React,restful,rails,ruby}"
"We build AI-powered agricultural tools through the Claude Partner Network. Team holds CCA certification. Looking for people who want founding equity in a small, remote-first company doing real work at the intersection of agtech and LLMs. Roles: Full-Stack Engineer, ML&#x2F;AI Engineer, Agricultural Data Scientist, Business Development Stack: Claude API, Python, React, geospatial data pipelines."	"{""Claude API"",Python,React,claude}"
"StagePilot is adding a designer with strong narrative and motion skills to our Nashville team. You’ll work with our producers and directors to create graphics packages for high profile livestreams, and you’ll design and animate StagePilot’s production reels, product demos, social graphics and website graphics. StagePilot’s clients are some of the most recognized names in entertainment and expect the absolute highest level of creativity, professionalism and discretion. You’ll collaborate closely with StagePilot’s directors, producers and project managers and will be in direct communication with clients. Excellent written and verbal communication skills are a must. Applicants must submit a link to an online portfolio with relevant work samples to be considered for this position. Responsibilities Design and animate on-screen graphics packages for livestreams and video series Design and animate graphics for StagePilot’s website, production reels and socials Contribute to concept and design development for prospective clients and projects Collaborate with directors to incorporate animated assets into live productions Meet deadlines. Everything we do is connected to an event with a schedule full of deadlines. Required skills and experience 3+ years professional experience with graphic design and 2D motion design or broadcast design Ability to work with varying design aesthetics for different artists, creators and clients Expert Photoshop, After Effects and Premiere skills Excellent file and workflow management skills Video editing and/or color grading experience is a plus Experience with Twitch, YouTube and IG/TT live is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent time and project management skills A love of music, streaming and live events is key to every role at StagePilot! About StagePilot Whether on StagePilot's platform, Twitch, YouTube, socials or beyond, we imagine, produce and host the internet’s most loved livestreams. Clients ranging from Justin Bieber and Charli XCX to PlaqueBoyMax, Amazon and Twitch have trusted us to stream from over 20 countries on 6 continents to millions and millions of fans. Our projects are regularly acknowledged by the Clio, Webby and Telly awards for creative and production excellence. Team members enjoy all the benefits you’d expect from a modern company, including: An incredible group of experienced coworkers Health, dental, and vision insurance Access to health, legal and other support services Generous PTO Matching 401k with 100% vesting on day one"	"{Photoshop,""After Effects"",Premiere}"
"About Us We are a Los Angeles-based cosmetics company looking for a talented Graphic Artist to join our creative team. If you love beauty, branding, and great design — we want to hear from you. The Role As a Graphic Artist, you will create visual content for our brand across packaging, digital marketing, social media, and print. You will work closely with our marketing and product development teams to bring creative concepts to life. What You'll Do Design packaging, labels, and product visuals for cosmetic products Create graphics for social media, email campaigns, and digital ads Develop marketing materials, including banners, flyers, and promotional assets Maintain brand consistency across all visual touchpoints Collaborate with the marketing and product teams on creative direction What We're Looking For Minimum 3 years of professional graphic design experience Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign) Strong eye for typography, color, and layout Experience in beauty, cosmetics, or consumer products is a plus Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines Schedule & Location This is a full-time position based in Los Angeles, CA. The schedule is hybrid — 3 days onsite and 2 days work from home. How to Apply Please submit your resume and portfolio. Applications without a portfolio will not be considered. We are an equal opportunity employer."	"{""Adobe Photoshop"",""Adobe Illustrator"",""Adobe InDesign"",illustrator,photoshop,indesign}"
"About Us We are a financial services start up focusing on improving consumer credit profiles. We are currently seeking KPI driven sales representatives looking to earn up to 90K while working remotely. We offer comprehensive training and continuous sales coaching to help you meet your financial goals. During our training period we offer a guaranteed training stipend while our trainees are acclimating to the position (*see weekly pay below). If you are a seasoned sales professional looking for the autonomy of a remote position combined with great compensation, we want to hear from you! Compensation This role is 100% commission based. We also offer competitive, performance based bonuses regularly. Training Period - During the first 5 weeks of contracted work we offer a guaranteed training stipend of $1000 (US) or the higher commission. Team members receive whichever amount is greater. Post Training Period: Average first year OTE: 40K-60K (US) Annually Top Rep first year OTE:70K-90K (US) Annually *The above is the average pay you can expect, however, there is unlimited earning potential for those who are financially motivated top performers looking to exceed sales targets. What will you be doing? Educating inbound callers on their credit standing by providing consultations with the goal of enrolling them in one of our services should they be a good fit. We are looking for team members who are: Tech savvy with the ability to navigate digital tools such as SLACK, CRM software, google sheets, etc. Our team uses these digital tools daily. Growth oriented and always looking to learn and acquire new skills. Autonomous self starters who can work independently and efficiently. Team players with the ability to implement feedback from their sales coaches. Patient and professional with clients. Finances can be a difficult topic for some clients to discuss. We are looking for individuals who showcase empathy and professionalism especially under pressure! Financially motivated individuals who can meet and exceed sales targets. Outgoing with outstanding rapport building and active listening skills. Can you carry a conversation with anyone? This may be for you! You will need: Home office or a quiet place to work. Strong internet connection. Desktop or laptop ( *Please Note: Devices such as Chromebooks, IPADs and laptops with 8G&rsquo;s of RAM and under will have issues supporting our system) Scheduling Training: The schedule for the first four weeks of our training period is 10 AM - 6 PM EST. *The first week of training is mandatory for all new trainees. If a day is missed you may be asked to restart the first week of training. Post Training: We are currently seeking representatives to work on the following schedule: Tuesday - Saturday (Or) Sunday - Thursday Shift hours to be discussed with our hiring manager based on our company's needs at the time of hire. Shifts are as follows: 7:30 AM - 3:30 PM EST 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM EST 9:30 AM - 5:30 PM EST 10:30 AM - 6:30 PM EST 11:30 AM - 7:30 PM EST 12:30 PM - 8:30 PM EST 1:30 PM - 9:30 PM EST 2:30 PM - 10:30 PM EST 3:00 PM - 11:00 PM EST"	"{SLACK,""CRM software"",""Google Sheets""}"
"🚀 We’re hiring a Senior UI/UX Designer to lead the design of our core AI-powered financial products and drive the global user experience for overseas markets. 💰 Compensation: 30,000 – 50,000 RMB/month * 14th-month+ salary 🎯 You will: Own end-to-end UI/UX design for our AI+Fintech platform (web & mobile) Lead the internationalization (i18n) design strategy, adapting UX for overseas users Collaborate closely with AI engineers and product managers to turn complex financial data into intuitive interfaces Build and maintain a scalable design system and component library Drive user research and iterate based on data insights 🔍 You have: 5+ years of UI/UX design experience, with a strong portfolio in Fintech, AI products, or SaaS platforms Overseas study or work experience (North America, Europe, Singapore, etc.) Fluency in English as a working language (able to collaborate in cross-cultural teams) Mastery of Figma, Adobe Suite, and design system creation A data-informed, user-centric mindset with strong communication skills 🌟 Bonus points if you: Have experience launching a global product from 0 to 1 Speak an additional language (Korean, Spanish, Japanese, etc.) Use AIGC tools (MidJourney, Runway, etc.) in your design workflow 📩 How to apply: Send your resume & portfolio (include Fintech or AI projects, plus overseas product cases) to: rabytehr@rabyte.cn 📝 Subject line: Senior UI/UX Designer – [Name] – [Location] Please note: Applications without a portfolio will not be considered."	"{Figma,""Adobe Suite"",MidJourney,Runway,fintech}"
"Goody is hiring a Lead Product Designer who has an excellent visual eye and is motivated by building delightful products. Work directly with our designer founder and lead design for a product used at Google, Stripe, Anthropic, Notion, and more. Remote (US & Canada) Salary range: $200K–$250K + equity ✦ Goody is a gifting platform that makes personal and professional gifting easy — no address needed. We help people celebrate milestones, recognize achievements, close deals, and make clients feel valued through thoughtful gifts that make people’s days. Founded 6 years ago, our product is used by Google, Stripe, Meta, Anthropic, Notion, NBCUniversal, DHL, and others. Despite being something everyone does, gifting is one of the areas of commerce yet to be disrupted, and our mission is to capture that market opportunity and spread joy and positivity. And with Goody being co-founded by a designer, we view design as absolutely central to our mission. You’ll be working on a product where the goal is delight. We spend a lot of time crafting how each screen affects the emotional experience. We worked with XYZ Type for a custom typeface. You’ll have deep ownership over projects that impact the success of our company. You'll work directly with me, the co-founder, CTO, and Head of Product, to deliver designs end-to-end that have a massive impact on our company. You’ll have an opportunity to design the product that wins this market. We're the leader in UI/UX in the gifting space. We want to extend that lead with your expertise. What you’ll do Design user interfaces and experiences for Goody’s responsive web application, including the sender experience (ecommerce and SaaS) and recipient gift experience Since product and design are inextricably interlinked, collaborate with product to evolve product direction based on findings in the design process Understand user needs through feedback, testing, research, and gathering information from users and stakeholders Evolve Goody’s design language to changing needs and new feature development Explore ways to integrate AI/ML in non-BS, actually useful ways This is an IC, non-management role, so you can focus on creating Who you are 5+ years of experience in product design, with a portfolio showcasing fresh, creative work for web and mobile that incorporates fun and delight Top 5% visual talent, with both a good eye and the skills to execute Experienced in the main gameplay loop of design, namely exploring the option space and iterating until something hits. You should be used to doing that and creating new avenues to explore and iterate, to ultimately arrive at the most harmonious design Growth mindset and an ability to take constructive feedback and thrive in a no-ego culture Familiarity with ecommerce is a plus US or Canada only What we offer Fully remote company with opportunities to meet in person, such as regional meetups and our annual company offsite. Base salary range of $200K – $250K USD plus stock options We offer benefits and perks to our employees including but not limited to: comprehensive medical plans, including vision and dental, flexible PTO, paid parental leave, 401K, $500/year education stipend, $100/month wellness stipend, and (of course!) lots of gifts."	"{""XYZ Type"",anthropic}"
"About naïve Naïve is an autonomous company builder — we let businesses deploy AI employees to crearte/run entire companies. We're backed by Y Combinator, Softbank (DEEPCORE), and more. We're looking for someone who can lead product + get hands dirty shipping. What You'll Do Work directly with the CEO to define product strategy, roadmap, and priorities Lead the product and engineering team — set direction, unblock execution, raise the bar Build full-stack across Next.js + TypeScript (frontend) and Python / FastAPI (backend) Own product launches end-to-end — from spec to build to GTM Talk to customers constantly and translate product analytics / feedback loops into product decisions Drive quality: UX, performance, reliability, and velocity The Role This isn't a PM role with a separate eng team. You build. You lead. You own the outcome. You'll be the connective tissue between vision and execution — defining what we build, why, and making sure it ships well. Must-Haves High Agency Based in Europe Strong full-stack engineering (Next.js, TypeScript, Python) Prior experience leading product at an early-stage startup — 0→1 at minimum once Ability to context-switch between writing code and making product calls in the same day Real LLM experience — tool use, agentic systems, structured outputs Strong product instincts and taste Nice-to-Haves Ex-founder or technical co-founder background Experience shipping developer-facing or AI-native products Multi-agent systems or agent orchestration experience Familiarity with agent runtimes, MCP, or autonomous workflow tooling"	"{Next.js,TypeScript,Python,FastAPI,MCP,llm}"
"AI Automation & Architecture Lead This is not a standard AI role. Work for a major eCommerce player in Australia. This is a remote role, but you have the flexibility to visit the office regularly and spend time on-site. Relocation support and visa sponsorship can be provided for the right person. Are you an AI visionary who can vibe code at the speed of thought? Do you live and breathe autonomous agents, process optimization, and the bleeding edge of LLM capabilities? At Kogan.com, we are looking for an elite AI specialist to become our internal evangelist and lead our artificial intelligence transformation. Reporting directly to the CEO and CTO, you will have a unique mandate: work on top-priority special projects at the executive level, while simultaneously partnering with every department across the business to ruthlessly optimise our operations. We aren't just looking for someone who can write ChatGPT prompts. We need an architect who can deploy highly autonomous ""God-Mode"" agents (like OpenClaw, OpenHands, N8N and CrewAI) securely within a massive e-commerce infrastructure. If you know how to build multi-agent swarms, implement strict security sandboxes, and want to shape the future of Australia's leading retail pioneer, we want you on the team. What you&rsquo;ll be doing: Serving as Kogan.com&rsquo;s AI Evangelist, driving adoption and innovation across the entire organization. Working one-on-one with the CEO/CTO on high-impact, special projects to give us an unfair competitive advantage. Rapidly prototyping and deploying production-ready software using AI-assisted ""vibe coding."" Architecting and deploying autonomous agents (OpenClaw, OpenHands, LangGraph) to automate complex workflows in supply chain, marketing, and customer service. Designing Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) workflows to ensure AI bots have appropriate guardrails and approval gates before executing high-stakes production tasks. Connecting AI agents securely to our e-commerce stack, ERPs, CRM, and internal databases. What you'll need: Strong foundation in computer science, systems architecture, and API integrations. Proven experience with the absolute latest AI automation tools, multi-agent frameworks, and advanced workflow builders (n8n, Make.com). Deep understanding of AI security protocols, containerization (Docker), and permission allowlists to protect enterprise data from prompt injections and rogue agent behavior. Strong commercial awareness of LLM API costs to prevent resource drain and optimize token usage. A relentless passion for AI and a habit of staying three steps ahead of industry trends. Apply now and help us build the future of retail. Why Kogan.com: You will have direct access to executive decision-making, real scale, and the freedom to build. This is an opportunity to define how AI is actually used inside one of Australia&rsquo;s leading digital retailers, not just experiment on the sidelines. Our culture is unlike anywhere else and regardless of where you are in your career journey, we empower you to do your best work and have a big impact. Check out https://devblog.kogan.com/ and https://goodteams.app/engineering/kogan.com . Work with an incredible team to solve important challenges, helping to drive Australia and New Zealand&rsquo;s eCommerce future. Your role has a lot of ownership, autonomy and little red tape. You&rsquo;ll be empowered to achieve positive outcomes and your work will have a real impact. You&rsquo;ll be at the forefront of the eCommerce industry and be part of a company that are the Pioneers of eCommerce in Australia. Be an Intrepreneur, playing a hands on role in shaping our strategy at our HQ. A range of employee benefits such as; Meaningful Learning budget. Complimentary Kogan First Membership, team exclusive discounts, Health & Wellness program, Learning & Development and Lunch & Learns, Hackathons, Team member referral program, Company and team events and celebrations, community engagement (volunteering) and extensive career development opportunities plus loads more! About Us: AI-enabled. Human-driven. Shipping smarter every day. Kogan.com is a pioneer of Australian eCommerce. Our vision is to use and build technology to deliver personalised, innovative and fast customer experiences. We are pragmatic in our solutions, scalable in our architecture, strong on quality and not afraid to fail fast. As a team, we are empowered to make change, share our views and build each other&rsquo;s capability. We see where AI is heading and we are building towards it. We keep testing, learning and embedding new capabilities into our stack where they add value. It supports our engineers to move faster, make better decisions and focus on solving the right problems, increasing their impact. The software we build, including www.kogan.com , is used by millions of customers, so this role has real impact. You will be a key member of a fast paced, independent and ambitious team, working across the full tech stack. We believe in using and building technology to improve the online shopping experience, and we are driven by seeing our software shipped to production every day."	"{OpenClaw,OpenHands,LangGraph,n8n,Make.com,Docker,crewai,prototyping,llm}"
"Gemini is looking to hire a Lead Product Manager to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be based in New York NY, or San Francisco CA."	"{gemini}"
"Binance is looking to hire a Product Manager - Crypto Structured Products & Earn to join their team. This is a full-time position that can be done remotely anywhere in Asia or on-site in Hong Kong, or Taipei."	"{kong}"
"The Opportunity Nascent is building at the frontier of AI-native trading. Our ability to capture edge is gated by how fast we can get new venues live. As a Technical Project Manager for Trade Operations, you will own execution of exchange onboarding, brokerage integration, and vendor coordination — the work that determines whether our strategies can trade. This is not a role for tracking tickets or running standups. You will drive complex work from zero, coordinating across engineering, operations, and external counterparties to reach operational readiness on timelines that matter. You sit at the intersection of technical systems and external stakeholders, navigating the messy reality of exchange connectivity — KYC/KYB workflows, API integrations, prime brokerage relationships, and unstructured dependencies that come with bringing a venue online. You will build tools and use AI to eliminate manual coordination. The team is small, the autonomy is real, and you are accountable for outcomes, not process. If you need structure handed to you, this is not the role. This is a high-leverage position for someone who operates well in ambiguity and wants direct impact on a trading firm’s ability to deploy capital. If you have worked in trade operations and wished you could redesign the workflows yourself — with AI, custom tooling, and no bureaucracy — this is that role. This role is fully remote and operates within +/- 3 hours of EST. What You’ll Do Own the full lifecycle of exchange onboarding – from initial application and KYC/KYB through API connectivity testing to production go-live – ensuring the firm can trade on new venues as fast as operationally possible. Coordinate across engineering, operations, compliance, and counterparties to remove blockers and drive integrations to completion. Manage relationships with exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, and vendors, ensuring they deliver on timelines. Build internal tooling, dashboards, and automated workflows — including AI/LLM systems — to track progress, surface blockers, and reduce manual work. Create repeatable processes for operational work that lacks playbooks, adding structure without adding overhead. Evaluate and integrate vendors for operational infrastructure, prioritizing speed and technical fit over process. Identify and resolve operational risks early — across exchange requirements, regulatory changes, and integration timelines. Work directly with traders and engineers to translate operational needs into technical requirements that support trading. About You You have personally onboarded exchanges or built trading infrastructure — you know what it takes to go from zero to live. You do not wait for instructions. You see gaps and close them. You have a genuine AI-native mindset – you’re actively building with LLMs, AI agents, or automation tools to multiply your own output. You measure success by whether the firm can trade, not by whether a plan was followed. You are technically fluent and comfortable discussing APIs, data flows, and system design. You operate well in ambiguity and prefer building playbooks to inheriting them. You have strong judgment managing external stakeholders and know when to push or find workarounds. Required Experience 4–6 years of experience in technical operations, trading ops, or adjacent roles, with a track record of owning workflows, improving systems, and driving work forward with minimal direction Hands-on experience with exchange onboarding, trade operations implementation, or trading infrastructure buildout. Demonstrated ability to coordinate complex, dependency-heavy work across engineering, operations, and external parties. Track record of managing exchanges, brokerages, prime brokers, or vendors and driving them to deliver. Active use of AI/LLM tools to automate workflows or accelerate operations, with concrete examples. Proven ability to operate independently in low-structure environments and set your own priorities. Nice-to-Have’s Experience at a prop trading firm, market maker, or crypto-native trading operation. Familiarity with FIX protocol, exchange APIs, or market microstructure. Experience with regulatory or compliance workflows tied to exchange access. Experience building internal tooling or automating workflows with code, no-code, or AI agents. About Nascent Founded in 2020, Nascent exists to build, expand, and capture opportunity, in open markets and permissionless technologies. Building from a base of permanent capital, we deploy assets across a range of both liquid and long-term strategies that ensure we are among the most active users of the open financial system we are helping to build. We’ve backed 100+ early-stage teams that we believe can change markets and expand what’s possible. At Nascent, we combine venture + market pedigree with product-grade engineering to turn research into revenue: experiments that ship fast, are evaluated rigorously, and move P&L. We focus on models, low-latency infrastructure, and resilient systems that compound performance over time. Our Team & Culture At Nascent, we are an interdisciplinary team of investors, builders & creators, capable of achieving more together than we can as individuals. We offer the opportunity to contribute to building the future global economic system with a world-class team and culture that pairs the freedom to explore, experiment & play with a competitive drive to win. We invest in our people by providing the autonomy to build, coupled with accountability & honest feedback to help learn, grow, perform & win. Our distributed team understands the value of in-person time—we encourage team members to come together for more frequent in-person work. Principles that Drive our Team & Work Compete to win Explore, experiment, play Always be building Seek and speak truth Own your shit. What We Offer At Nascent, we offer a competitive total compensation package heavily weighted toward bonus, ensuring that when we perform at our best and the firm wins we all win. The opportunity to learn, experiment and build in an entrepreneurial environment Remote and distributed working environment Comprehensive health benefits package including dental, vision, and life 16 weeks fully paid parental leave & supported return to work Home office setup and stipend or coworking space and wellness stipend Retirement plan matching contributions Open vacation policy as well as flexible work hours and location Team activities and in-person team retreats We are an equal opportunity employer and celebrate diversity and differences of perspectives. We do not discriminate on the basis of any status, inclusive of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Compensation Range: $130K - $160K"	"{llm}"
"About PointOne PointOne is reinventing how law firms operate. We build infrastructure for the legal industry, powering timekeeping and billing systems used by law firms and government agencies. Our AI timekeeper helps attorneys capture billable time automatically and provides rich insights that transform how legal work is managed. We're a Tier 1 venture-backed startup (Y Combinator, Bessemer, 8VC, General Catalyst) made up of engineers (Google, Applied Intuition, Stanford) and ex-attorneys. Alongside a recent Series A round and rapid customer adoption, we're expanding our GTM team to keep up with overwhelming demand. The Role We are getting strong pull from the market and can't keep up with the volume of inbound demand, and we're just getting started on outbound. This is where you come in. You will build the revenue engine that powers PointOne's next phase of growth. This is a hands-on engineering role at the intersection of AI, automation, and go-to-market. You design and operate the systems that put the right message in front of the right law firm at the right moment, at scale. You'll write real code, own real infrastructure, and be accountable for real pipeline. You'll own outbound campaign infrastructure end-to-end and apply AI at every layer of the funnel: account identification, signal detection, enrichment, personalization, and sequencing. You'll work directly with our sales leadership and founders to translate pipeline strategy into working systems. You'll be expected to build fast. What You'll Own Automated Outbound Campaigns Design, build, and continuously optimize our outbound engine—multi-channel sequences, enrichment waterfalls, deliverability, and the workflows that tie it all together. You'll be the reason our sales team is focused on closing, not prospecting. AI-Powered Demand Generation Find novel, compounding applications of AI to demand and lead generation. Think signal-based triggers, LLM-generated personalization at scale, automated account research synthesis, and intelligent ICP scoring. If you've been waiting to actually experiment with this stuff in a high-stakes environment, here’s the opportunity. GTM Stack & Data Flows Own the integrations between our CRM, enrichment tools, outbound platforms, and internal systems. Write the code, build the webhooks, keep the data clean. When a lead converts, every system should know about it immediately and correctly. Experimentation & Optimization Run structured tests on messaging, channel mix, timing, and audience segmentation. Build the measurement infrastructure to know what's working. Kill what isn't. Compound what does. Who You Are You Have: 3+ years in GTM Engineering, Revenue Operations, or a technical GTM-adjacent role Coding ability—you're comfortable in Python or SQL, working with APIs, and building workflows that require actual engineering Hands-on experience with modern GTM tools: Clay, Apollo, Instantly, HeyReach, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, or similar A track record of building outbound systems that generated measurable pipeline, not just configured them Genuine curiosity about how to apply AI to GTM problems in ways most people haven't tried yet You Are: A builder first. You ship a v1 before most people finish the kickoff deck Systems-minded: you think in terms of how systems will react and second-order effects (allowing you to understand scalability, bottlenecks, and inefficiencies) Strong commercial acumen: you understand ICPs and think clearly about why people open/click/buy Comfortable with ambiguity: you figure things out and write the manual yourself Why This Role Matters PointOne is at the point in its growth where the company that wins will be the one that builds the most efficient, intelligent revenue engine in legal tech. This role is central to that. The systems you build will directly shape how many law firms we reach, how fast we grow, and how our sales team spends their time. You'll have meaningful autonomy, direct access to founders, and the opportunity to define how a category-leading company does outbound. This is intense early-stage startup work. The person we hire is expected to take ownership, bring structure to ambiguity, and play a key role in forming the company's GTM culture. The compensation for this position is determined by multiple factors, including prior experience and expertise. A competitive equity component will also be offered as part of the package. Benefits include comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance, as well as meals in office, regular team events, and more."	"{Clay,Apollo,Instantly,HeyReach,""LinkedIn Sales Navigator"",Python,SQL,llm,react,moment}"
"Blockchain is looking to hire a Software Engineering Intern, Institutional to join their team. This is an internship position that is based in Paris."	"{blockchain}"